Canada the Corporation Let's establish that there are two Canada's. The first is known as the land of Canada and the second it the corporation also known as the juristic unit. Supreme Court of Canada Re: Authority of Parliament in relation to the Upper House, [1980] 1 S.C.R. 54 Date: 1979-12-21 “Further, although s.91(1) gave the Queen the power, with the advice and consent of the Senate and the House of Commons, to alter the “Constitution of Canada'' except in certain expressly designated areas, it does not confer a power to amend the B.N.A. Act. The word “Canada” in s.91(1) does not refer to Canada as a geographical unit but refers to the juristic federal unit. juristic federal unit brings forth or indicates that Canada is an artificial entity the corporate body. juristic person. See artificial person. artificial person. An entity, such as a corporation, created by law and given certain legal rights and duties of a human being; a being, real or imaginary, who for the purpose of legal reasoning is treated more or less as a human being

-------------------------------------
you say that Canada isnt a corporation like walmart. This appears to be false information as canada is registered on the securities exchange commission's website. It's registered as a for profit foreign corporation. just like the supreme court is also a registered corporation
add 3 corp images

-------------------------
The Canada being spoken about and brought forth in the Constitution act of 1867 is a corporate body, and we as inhabitants are being incorporated into this corporation. Since we can clearly see that Canada is a Corporate body we should be able to find subsequent evidence of this fact when Canada and its controlling powers are mentioned within the domestic laws. A Corporation is controlled by executive powers, so we should be able to find the evidence within domestic law that shows us that it is indeed executive powers which control Canada. The King Charles We know him under his title of the King. In fact here in Canada the official title that he is given or designated under is His Majesty, King of Canada and Defender of the Faith, this is his official title. He is designated the Sovereign of Canada and the empire he is part of goes by the designation of he Monarch. You are considered His Subject and servant and you have promised to obey his laws. The Government is being carried on presently on behalf of and in the name of the King. The Constitution Act 1867 article 9- The Executive Government and Authority of and over Canada is hereby declared to continue and be vested in the Queen. According to the laws the Queen (Now King Chuckles) holds the executive power to the corporation Canada. Article 91 - It shall be lawful for the Queen (now King Chuckles), by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate and House of Commons, to make Laws for the Peace, Order, and good Government of Canada. Here we are seeing that the executive powers are continued to be vested in the KING, the KING has the right to create laws (rules and regulations) for the peace and order of this Corporate body designated Canada.

__________________________________
you are bringing up good points that are in line with canada being a corporation and we enter into legal obligations with the state. YOU also said; Legally, we are citizens of a corporate state (Canada), and subject to its laws. A citizen is a class of "person" in law. A creature of statute also known as an artificial person or legal person. Such persons are also defined as being corporations. the following case supports what you said about the legal relationship with the state. "Inasmuch as every government is an artificial person, an abstraction, and a creature of the mind only, a government can interface only with other artificial persons. The imaginary, having neither actuality nor substance, is foreclosed from creating and attaining parity with the tangible. The legal manifestation of this is that no government, as well as any law, agency, aspect, court, etc. can concern itself with anything other than corporate, artificial persons and the contracts between them." Penhallow v. Doane's Administrators 3 U.S. 54; 1 L.Ed. 57; 3 Dall. 54, (1795) you said: By birth or naturalization, individuals enter into a legal relationship with the state — and yes, that relationship functions within a framework of obligations, rights, duties, and benefits. This legal relationship began with the registration of the birth certificate. It created the legal person spelled in all upper case letters known as the corporation.
Incorporate the name written in all upper case corporation
Further to this the King transfers this executive power to the Governor general of Canada. The Governor general carries on the government of Canada on behalf of the QUEEN (now King Charles) and not on behalf of the citizens. Constitution act 1867 article 10 The Provisions of this act referring to the Governor General…..carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the name of the QUEEN (King) It is clear that the Governor general is not acting on our behalf but in the best interest of the Queen The Canada being spoken about and brought forth in the Constitution act of 1867 is a corporate body, and we as inhabitants are being incorporated into this corporation. Since we can clearly see that Canada is a Corporate body we should be able to find subsequent evidence of this fact when Canada and its controlling powers are mentioned within the domestic laws. Constitution act 1867 article 9 The Executive Government and Authority of and over Canada is hereby declared to continue and be vested in the Queen (Now King Chuckles). Constitution act 1867 article 10- The Provisions of this Act referring to the Governor General extend and apply to the Governor General for the Time being of Canada, or other the Chief Executive Officer or Administrator for the Time being carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the Name of the Queen, by whatever Title he is designated Black’s law edition 7- Chief executive officer- A corporation’s highest-ranking administrator who manages the firm day by day and reports to the board of directors We just saw that the Supreme Court declared that Canada is a Corporate body and when we look to the type of power in operation within Canada, we find that it is corporate powers, executive powers. We know that executive powers only operate within a corporation.
OFFICE OF GOVERNOR GENERAL Corporation sole 2. The Governor General of Canada or other chief executive officer or administrator carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the name of the Sovereign, by whatever title designated, is a corporation sole The Governor General is the Chief executive of Canada and he controls what transpires in this corporation on behalf of His Majesty. He also shares this power with the Lieutenant Governors of the provinces. Constitution act 1867 article 14 It shall be lawful for the Queen, if Her Majesty thinks fit, to authorize the Governor General from Time to Time to appoint any Person or any Persons jointly or severally to be his Deputy or Deputies within any Part or Parts of Canada, and in that Capacity to exercise during the Pleasure of the Governor General such of the Powers, Authorities, and Functions of the Governor General as the Governor General deems it necessary or expedient to assign to him or them, subject to any Limitations or Directions expressed or given by the Queen (now king Charles); The Governor General and the lieutenant Governors are operating the executive powers of the Queen (King) for the corporation of Canada.


---------------------------------------------
we were never taught directly what Canada means in law only through assumptions, were we lead to believe that when we said Canada it meant a country, it meant a geographical location. You and I as individuals are being held under an oath of allegiance to the Queen (now King Charles). As a citizen of Canada it is being declared that we have promised to obey the King and His laws. The citizen is rendered a subject and servant of His Majesty and is forced to submit through the oath of allegiance. OATH OR AFFIRMATION OF CITIZENSHIP- I swear (or affirm) that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to His Majesty King Charles, King of Canada, His Heirs and Successors, and that I will faithfully observe the laws of Canada and fulfill my duties as a Canadian citizen. This state party Canada is declaring that you tacitly agreed to be under this oath as a Canadian Citizen and that you have promised to obey the laws that are given royal assent by His Majesty. It is through this mechanism that the representatives of His Majesty (crown) seek to hold you accountable to domestic laws (enactments and regulations). It is declared that you through your oath of allegiance have sworn to obey the laws of Canada and if you fail to obey them this invites punishment. The mechanism of control continues on when we look into the financial administration act. You see every licence or permit that you acquire (which you must pay for) is actually a right or privilege that Her Majesty (now King Chuckles) is Conferring upon you (giving you). Your drivers permit for example you paid the minister of transport a fee and he granted you a permit a licence. He granted you this right and privilege on behalf of Her Majesty. Financial administration act Charges for rights and privileges 19.1 The Governor in Council may, on the recommendation of the Treasury Board,(a) by regulation prescribe the fees or charges to be paid for a right or privilege conferred by or on behalf of Her Majesty in right of Canada, by means of a licence, permit or other authorization, by the persons or classes of persons on whom the right or privilege is conferred; or (b) authorize the appropriate Minister to prescribe by order those fees or charges, subject to such terms and conditions as may be specified by the Governor in Council. What we are seeing is that His Majesty retains the controlling power over Canada, His Ministers are operating on her behalf and for his Betterment. We as citizens are being forced to pay His Majesty for privileges and rights that are naturally ours. This controlling mechanism that is binding up our life is impacting us in many, many ways.
We see here that the district of columbia is a municipality with executive authority. we also see Her Majesty is a registered corporation or legal person. here's corporate canada and ontario's registration
Include Canada the myth and dc municipality and Ontario foreign govenment
The Justice system of Canada has a web page out that explains exactly according to them what a body corporate is. By taking 5 minutes to read their page, you will see that the term Body Corporate is simply another way of saying Corporation. So it is clear that Canada is indeed a corporate body and the government is nothing more then the executive powers who control and run this corporate body. We as men and women have been forced through the enactments and regulations to become part of this corporate body through the action of incorporation. We are made to operate and function as a class of person, as an officer of Canada. The legislators, the ones who make up domestic law have created enactments, statutory powers which force you into the designation of a class of person titled officer of these corporate bodies. These operations of law are the very foundations that the executive powers of Canada use to control and regulate our actions. For instance this operation of law is the mechanism that is being used to force individuals to pay taxation which is better known as a contribution to the economic, social and cultural development of Canada. To force you to operate from the designation of a class of person titled officer of the corporate body Canada limits and abridges your full legal capacity, your fundamental rights and freedoms. As an officer of the corporate body you are now considered a statutory creature and your rights and obligations now flow directly from enactments and regulations. This operation of law affects you in many areas of your life, it limits and abridges your property rights, it limits and abridges your right to decide what you will do with your wealth and resources that you pursue and gain and much more. It is you that gets to decide what designation you will stand under. No one has the right to force you to be part of their society, part of their corporation. The executive powers of McDonalds are not able to come to you and force you to work and be part of their body corporate so why do the executive powers of Canada feel that they can do just that. Why do they think that they can simply limit and abridge your fundamental rights and freedoms in order to force you to function as an officer of the Corporation Canada. give a one paragraph reply to what this brings to our arguments
As your beginning to see Canada is an empire that has been set up for the profit and control of a very few individuals. The system they set up and forced human beings to be apart of in Canada is a system that is against your fundamental rights and freedoms. This empire is using the energy and wealth of individuals like you and I to enrich the few. Through subjecting us to The laws that Her Majesty enacts or enforces we are brought into subject to serve this empire. We serve it through paying taxes, we serve it through paying for privileges and benefits. Many of us are not aware that we do not have to take part of this, we have our fundamental rights and freedoms that protect us from what is transpiring. The government of Canada, the politicians that run the Country are not sitting in their offices on our behalf. Their roles and duties are first and foremost for the protection of the State they created called Canada. The politicians are also under an oath of allegiance to the King. They are her ministers on her behalf. Their jobs are to enforce the rules and laws of this state upon its subjects the Canadian Citizen. The government's primary concern is the empire of the monarch and not the human beings that are located on this territory. Everything in Canada is structured around this Sovereign and belongs to him. We are taught and we hear much about democracy. This democracy is touted as the greatest thing since slice bread. We are however not shown the reality of this system and how it actually functions. We believe based upon what we are told that a democratic society brings equality and promotes a Government of the people for the people. Many support this system of politics in Canada without understanding the true nature or operation for the system itself. In Canada we are designated a person, who is a Canadian citizen a subject and servant of Her Majesty. The logical question that follows is. What capacity are we serving His Majesty and does it really impact our lives? A Human Being is born with rights and freedoms that are intrinsically theirs. No one can take them away and they belong to the human being just because they are. The person in Canada has had these rights and freedoms limited and now they are forced to pay His Majesty for privileges and benefits that she grants to her subjects. The privileges and benefits are way beneath the fundamental rights of a Human being.
uS Chief Justice Marshall’s 1819 description of perpetual succession: A corporation is an artificial being, invisible, intangible and existing only in contemplation of law. Being the mere creature of law, it possesses only those properties which the charter of its creation confers upon it, either expressly or as incident to its very existence. These are such as are supposed best calculated to effect the object for which it was created. Among the most important are immortality, and, if the expression may be allowed, individuality; properties, by which a perpetual succession of many person are considered as the same, and may act as a single individual. They enable a corporation to manage it own affairs, and to hold property, without the perplexing intricacies, the hazardous and endless necessity, of perpetual conveyances for the purpose of transmitting to from hand to hand. It is chiefly for the purpose of clothing bodies of men, in succession, with these qualities and capacities, that corporations were invented, and are in use. By these means, a perpetual succession of individuals are capable of acting for the promotion of the particular object, like one immortal being. i shared an image earlier with evidence of the District of Columbia being a municipality. Civil Law (Black's law 6th) ...more properly called "municipal" law, to distinguish it from the "law of nature," and from International law. ...The system of jurisprudence held and administered in the Roman empire, particularly as set forth in the compilation of Justinian and his successors, -comprising the institutes, Code, Digest, and Novels, and collectively denominated the "Corpus Juris Civilis," -as distinguished from the common law of England and the Canon law. See Code Civil Code Civil The code which embodies the civil laws of France. It was promulgated in 1804. When Napoleon became emperor, the name was changed to "Code Napoleon", by which it is still often designated though it is now officially styled by its original name of "Code Civil". (under code civil) Code de commerce. A French code, enacted in 1807, as a supplement to the Code Napoleon, regulating commercial transactions, the laws of business, bankruptcies, and the jurisdiction and the procedure of the court dealing with these subjects. Code de procedure civil. That part of the Code Napoleon which regulates the system of courts, their organization, civil procedure, special and extraordinary remedies, and the execution of judgements. Code d'instruction criminelle. A French code, enacted in 1808, regulating criminal procedure. Code of Justinian. The Code of Justinian (Codex Justinianeus) was a collection of emperial constitutions, compiled, by order of that emperor, by a commission, and promulgated A.D. 529. It comprised of twelve books, and was the first of the four compilations of law which make up the Corpus Juris Civilis. The name is often met in a connection indicating that the entire Corpus Juris Civilis is intended, or, sometimes, the Digest; but its should be confined to the Codex. Code penal. The penal or criminal code of France, enacted in 1810, See also Criminal law, Penal code Civil law. That body of law which every particular nation, Commonwealth, or city has established peculiarly for itself; more properly called in quotations municipal law, to distinguish it from the “law of nature” and from international law. The system of jurisprudence held and administered in the Roman Empire, particularly as set forth in the compilation of justinian and his successors, comprising the institutes, code, digest, and novels, and collectively denominated the “corpus juris civilis” as distinguished from the common law of England and the Canon law. Black’s law 6th Roman law In general sense, comprehends all the laws which prevailed among the Romans, without regard to the time of there origin, including the collections of Justinian. In a more restricted sense, the Germans understand this term merely the law Justinian, as adopted by them. In England and America, it appears to be customary to use the phrase indifferently with "the civil law", to designate the whole system of Roman jurisprudence, including the Corpus Juris Civilis; or, if any distinction is drawn, the expression "civil law" denotes the system of jurisprudence obtaining in those countries of continental Europe which have derived their juridical notions and principles from the Justinian collection, while "Roman law" is reserved as the proper appellation of the body of law developed under the government of Rome from the earliest times to the fall of the empire. See Civil law If the DIstrict of Columbia has been a registered corporation since 1871, it's considered in law a corporation, and Canada is a sub corporation of the District of Columbia, wouldn't that also classify Canada as a municipal corporation? It also operates under Roman Civil Law also know as Codes
If Canada is a Crown corporation, operating under statutes and administered by appointed executive officers, then yes — in form and function it behaves like a municipal corporation, even if it's not officially called that in Canadian law Access to Information Act R.S.C., 1985, c. A-1government institution means (b) any parent Crown corporation, and any wholly-owned subsidiary of such a corporation, within the meaning of section 83 of the Financial Administration Act; (institution fédérale) one paragraph answer
James Traficant's U.S. Bankruptcy Speech The Bankruptcy of The United States United States Congressional Record, March 17, 1993 Vol. 33, page H-1303 Speaker-Rep. James Traficant, Jr. (Ohio) addressing the House: "Mr. Speaker, we are here now in chapter 11. Members of Congress are official trustees presiding over the greatest reorganization of any Bankrupt entity in world history, the U.S. Government. We are setting forth hopefully, a blueprint for our future. There are some who say it is a coroner’s report that will lead to our demise. It is an established fact that the United States Federal Government has been dissolved by the Emergency Banking Act, March 9, 1933, 48 Stat. 1, Public Law 89-719; declared by President Roosevelt, being bankrupt and insolvent. H.J.R. 192, 73rd Congress m session June 5, 1933 - Joint Resolution To Suspend The Gold Standard and Abrogate The Gold Clause dissolved the Sovereign Authority of the United States and the official capacities of all United States Governmental Offices, Officers, and Departments and is further evidence that the United States Federal Government exists today in name only. The receivers of the United States Bankruptcy are the International Bankers, via the United Nations, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. All United States Offices, Officials, and Departments are now operating within a de facto status in name only under Emergency War Powers. With the Constitutional Republican form of Government now dissolved, the receivers of the Bankruptcy have adopted a new form of government for the United States. This new form of government is known as a Democracy, being an established Socialist/Communist order under a new governor for America. This act was instituted and established by transferring and/or placing the Office of the Secretary of Treasury to that of the Governor of the International Monetary Fund. Public Law 94-564, page 8, Section H.R. 13955 reads in part: "The U.S. Secretary of Treasury receives no compensation for representing the United States." Gold and silver were such a powerful money during the founding of the united states of America, that the founding fathers declared that only gold or silver coins can be "money" in America. Since gold and silver coinage were heavy and inconvenient for a lot of transactions, they were stored in banks and a claim check was issued as a money substitute. People traded their coupons as money, or "currency." Currency is not money, but a money substitute. Redeemable currency must promise to pay a dollar equivalent in gold or silver money. Federal Reserve Notes (FRNs) make no such promises, and are not "money." A Federal Reserve Note is a debt obligation of the federal United States government, not "money." The federal United States government and the U.S. Congress were not and have never been authorized by the Constitution for the united states of America to issue currency of any kind, but only lawful money, gold and silver coin.
-----------------------------------------

this is continued from his speech The Federal Reserve System is based on the Canon law and the principles of sovereignty protected in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. In fact, the international bankers used a "Canon Law Trust" as their model, adding stock and naming it a "Joint Stock Trust." The U.S. Congress had passed a law making it illegal for any legal "person" to duplicate a "Joint Stock Trust" in 1873. The Federal Reserve Act was legislated post-facto (to 1870), although post-facto laws are strictly forbidden by the Constitution. [1:9:3] The Federal Reserve System is a sovereign power structure separate and distinct from the federal United States government. The Federal Reserve is a maritime lender, and/or maritime insurance underwriter to the federal United States operating exclusively under Admiralty/Maritime law. The lender or underwriter bears the risks, and the Maritime law compelling specific performance in paying the interest, or premiums are the same. Assets of the debtor can also be hypothecated (to pledge something as a security without taking possession of it.) as security by the lender or underwriter. The Federal Reserve Act stipulated that the interest on the debt was to be paid in gold. There was no stipulation in the Federal Reserve Act for ever paying the principle
you raised a point i'd like to elaborate on first. We've establish canada as a corporation. Commercial law is defined as applying to corporations, body corporates and trusts. We've also established that Canada is a sub municipality or corporation of the District of Columbia. Now, at the beginning of the Uniform Commercial Code it states that the UCC applies to all 50 states of the District of Columbia and it's territories. Would Canada not be by default a state or territory of the DC
If "Territory" encompasses any thing within the jurisdiction of DC and Canada is found on the SEC within the Jurisdiction of DC, the Canada is a territory of the DC and falls under the UCC like all other commercial entities
Send pics of juristic federal unit 
MUNICIPALITIES HAVE NO POWER OR AUTHORITY ON PRIVATE PROPERTY The legal maxim expressio unius est exclusio alterius means that within a statute or regulation, when one or more things of a class are expressly mentioned, others of the same class are excluded. To say it another way, the inclusion of one thing means the exclusion of everything else. Ontario Municipal Act Regulation 586/06 has specific exclusions of private property. Section 2(4) says “Nothing in this Regulation authorizes a municipality to enter and undertake a work as a local improvement on private property without the permission of the owner or other person having the authority to grant such permission.” Section 36.1 says “In accordance with this Part, a municipality may raise the cost of undertaking works as local improvements on private property by imposing special charges on the lots of consenting property owners upon which all or part of the works are or will be located.“ Notice that the Municipal Corporation needs permission/consent from the private property owner, without which they have no authority. The Ontario Municipal Act itself has specific inclusions of public property owned by the Municipal Corporation and specific exclusions of services/things it does not own. Sections 10(2)4 & 11(2)4 says the Municipal Corporation may pass by-laws respecting “Public assets of the municipality acquired for the purpose of exercising its authority under this or any other Act.” Sections 10(4) & 11(6) says the Municipal Corporation does not have “the power to pass a by-law respecting services or things provided by a person other than the municipality or a municipal service board of the municipality.” Section 8(1) says that the Municipal Corporations scope of power is there so it can “govern its affairs.” The word “its” is a possessive pronoun, meaning you have the power to govern the affairs that belong to the Municipal Corporation only. Notice that you only have authority over public assets that you own, you have no authority over services/things that you are not providing, and your scope of power is for governing your own affairs only. Within the above Act and Regulation, we see that public property is specifically included and private property is specifically excluded from the Municipal Corporations control. Private property is NEVER included anywhere, and therefore the maxim of expressio unius est exclusio alterius applies. The Municipal Corporations power, authority and control is limited only to public property it owns, and not to private property. This maxim can further be confirmed by another section of the Ontario Municipal Act. Section 9 says “(Powers of a natural person) A municipality has the capacity, rights, powers and privileges of a natural person for the purpose of exercising its authority under this or any other Act.” two para answer
The Municipal Corporation cannot give itself more power or authority than what was granted by statute from the Province. And the Province cannot grant power or authority to the Municipal Corporation over something that it does not have to give. Therefore the Municipal Corporation has no power, authority or control over private property it does not own. CASELAW Ontario (Attorney General) v. Rowntree Beach Assn., 1994 CanLII 7228 (ON SC) “Her Majesty the Queen in right of Ontario has no right, title or interest in and to the lands described …“ The Great West Saddlery Company Limited and others v. The King [1921] UKPC 27, [1921] AC 91 (25 February 1921), Privy Council (on appeal from Canada) At page 100 it says “What cannot be done directly cannot be done indirectly.“ R. v. Greenbaum, [1993] 1 SCR 674, 1993 CanLII 166 (SCC) “Municipalities are entirely the creatures of provincial statutes and can therefore exercise only those powers which are explicitly conferred on them by provincial statute. A court should look to the purpose and wording of the provincial enabling legislation when deciding whether or not a municipality has been empowered to pass a certain by-law. The by-laws themselves are to be read to fit within the parameters of the empowering provincial statute where they are susceptible to more than one interpretation. Courts must be vigilant, however, in ensuring that municipalities do not impinge upon the civil or common law rights of citizens in passing ultra vires by-laws.“ Noble v. Township of Brantford 1963, 2 OR 393-401, Ontario High Court of Justice “The first and most obvious limitation is found in the limitations imposed upon the power of the Province itself by the B.N.A. Act. The Province has not itself universal power of legislation, and its creature the municipality can have no higher power.“ Attorney General for British Columbia and Minister of Lands v. Brooks-Bidlake and Whitall Ltd 63 SCR 466 1922 Judge Idington confirms “… the right of an owner to deal with the lands belonging to him or it, as to such owner may seem fit …“
O’Donohue v. Canada, 2003 CanLII 41404 (ON SCCOURT FILE NO.: 01-CV-217147CM DATE: 20030626 “[15] … It is well settled that the Charter cannot be used to amend or trump another part of our constitution …” MUNICIPAL BY-LAWS ARE ULTRA-VIRES ON PRIVATE PROPERTY Municipal by-laws are ultra-vires (of no force or effect) if they conflict with or frustrate the purpose of a provincial or federal Act/regulation or an instrument of legislative nature. From the Ontario Municipal Act we have the following: Section 14(1) says “(Conflict between by-law and statutes, etc.) A by-law is without effect to the extent of any conflict with, (a) a provincial or federal Act or a regulation made under such an Act; or (b) an instrument of a legislative nature, including an order, licence or approval, made or issued under a provincial or federal Act or regulation.” Section 14(2) says “Without restricting the generality of subsection (1), there is a conflict between a by-law of a municipality and an Act, regulation or instrument described in that subsection if the by-law frustrates the purpose of the Act, regulation or instrument.” A municipal by-law cannot frustrate the purpose of a Federal/Provincial statute/law or an instrument of legislative nature, otherwise the by-law is ultra-vires (meaning it is of no force or effect). CONFLICT WITH CROWN LAND PATENT GRANT A Crown Land Patent Grant was the Crown (Federal/Provincial/Municipal government) giving up their right, title and interest in a piece of land to an individual or corporation. It then became private property, no longer under the authority or control or power of the Crown. Most of these grants include the wording “heirs and assigns forever” meaning it can be passed down from generation to generation without the Crown ever being able to interfere with those private property rights again. Since “forever” has not come yet, any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of the Crown Land Patent Grant, making it ultra-vires. CONFLICT WITH COMMON LAW TORT OF INVASION OF PRIVACY In Jones v. Tsige, 2012 ONCA 32, Judge Sharpe of the Ontario Court of Appeal confirms that the Common Law Tort of Invasion of Privacy (Intrusion Upon Seclusion Or Solitude) includes: – one who intentionally intrudes, physically or otherwise, upon the seclusion of another or his private affairs or concerns, and – physical intrusions into private places as well as listening or looking, with or without mechanical aids, into the plaintiff’s private affairs. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of this Common Law Tort, making it ultra-vires.
CONFLICT WITH CRIMINAL CODE OF CANADA Section 72 (Forcible Entry and Detainer) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from entering property where it can lead to a beach of peace. Section 180 (Common Nuisance) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from obstructing a person from exercising or enjoyment of their rights. Section 430 (Mischief) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from obstructing a person from the lawful use, enjoyment or operation of their property. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of these Criminal Code sections, making it ultra-vires. CONFLICT WITH ONTARIO TRESPASS TO PROPERTY ACT Section 3 of the Ontario Trespass to Property Act states that entry on to a premises can be prohibited by notice given orally, in writing or by clearly posted signs. And Section 2 states that any person who enters on the premises without the express permission of the occupier is committing the offence of Trespass. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property would frustrate the purpose of this Act, making it ultra-vires. CASELAW Ontario (Attorney General) v. Rowntree Beach Assn., 1994 CanLII 7228 (ON SC) “Her Majesty the Queen in right of Ontario has no right, title or interest in and to the lands described …” Mercer v. Attorney General of Ontario, 1883, 8 AC 767, Privy Council “… it was insisted, that a line was drawn at the date of the Union, and that the words were not sufficient to reserve any lands afterwards escheated which at the time of the Union were in private hands, and did not then belong to the Crown.” 1960 CANADIAN BILL OF RIGHTS Section 1(a) says “It is hereby recognized and declared that in Canada there have existed and shall continue to exist … the following human rights and fundamental freedoms … the right of the individual to life, liberty, security of the person and enjoyment of property.” Ontario Property and Civil Rights Act “Rule of decision 1. In all matters of controversy relative to property and civil rights, resort shall be had to the laws of England as they stood on the 15th day of October, 1792, as the rule for the decision of the same, and all matters relative to testimony and legal proof in the investigation of fact and the forms thereof in the courts of Ontario shall be regulated by the rules of evidence established in England, as they existed on that day …” Attorney General v. De Keyser’s Royal Hotel, Ltd., May 10, 1920 “Again it appears to me to be almost inconceivable that the Crown should claim the right to do such things as prostrate fences, take possession of the great industrial works mentioned, or cause any buildings to be destroyed, without being bound at law to compensate the owners therefor.” … “This is a fundamental principle, going back at least to Magna Carta,” … “Since Magna Carta the estate of a subject in lands or buildings has been protected against the prerogative of the Crown.”
Cook’s Road Maintenance Assoc. v. Crowhill Estates, 2001 CanLII 24149 (ON CA) “[45] … it is necessary to be mindful of the fact that Cook’s Road is situated on private land. It is privately owned by the appellant. To declare a private road to be a public road will extinguish the property rights of its owner. It is a very serious step, therefore, for a court to declare an individual’s private property to be public property. Property rights are to be respected.” Lynch v St. John’s (City), 2016 NLCA 35 (CanLII) “[63] … Having the property rights flowing from a Crown grant, with virtually unrestricted rights to build and to appropriate and use groundwater, transformed to merely a right to keep the land ‘unused in its natural state,’ results in virtually all of the aggregated incidents of ownership being taken away. All of the reasonable uses of the property were taken away and a compulsory taking, a de facto or constructive expropriation, resulted.” Trustees of Dartmouth College v. Woodward, 4 Wheat. 518 (1819) “If the legislature mean to claim such an authority, it must be reserved in the grant.” William Cooper v . The Honourable Alexander Stuart (Colonial Secretary), from the Supreme Court of New South Wales; delivered 3rd April 1889 “[The Crown’s] prospective wants can only be provided for in two ways, either by reserving from settlement portions of land, which may prove to be useless for the purpose for which they are reserved, or by making grants of land in settlement, retaining the right to resume such parts as may be found necessary for the uses of an increased population.” PROVINCIAL STATUTES/REGULATIONS ARE ULTRA-VIRES ON PRIVATE PROPERTY Looking at the caselaw from the above section, you will notice that these all apply to Provincial Legislation as well. The Crown/Province has no right, title or interest in private property it does not own. Private property does not belong to the Crown/Province. Private property is protected from the prerogative of the Crown/Province. Private property rights are to be respected by the Crown/Province. Any power, authority or control the Crown/Province claims to have over private property must have been reserved in Crown Grant Land Patent. Also the doctrine of federal paramountcy applies to any provincial law that would frustrate the purpose of the federal law, meaning any conflict between Federal and Provincial Legislation renders the Provincial Legislation ultra-vires (of no force or effect). CASELAW Canadian Western Bank v. Alberta, [2007] 2 SCR 3 “To sum up, the onus is on the party relying on the doctrine of federal paramountcy to demonstrate that the federal and provincial laws are in fact incompatible by establishing either that it is impossible to comply with both laws or that to apply the provincial law would frustrate the purpose of the federal law.” Reference re Upper Churchill Water Rights Reversion Act, [1984] 1 SCR 297 “Where, however, the pith and substance of the provincial enactment is the derogation from or elimination of extraprovincial rights then, even if it is cloaked in the proper constitutional form, it will be ultra vires. A colourable attempt to preserve the appearance of constitutionality in order to conceal an unconstitutional objective will not save the legislation.”
Georgian Bluffs (Township) v. Moyer, 2012 ONCA 700, DOCKET: C53734 “[20] The action that ‘should have never occurred’ was an action brought by the Township. The appellant successfully defended himself against the most significant element of the claim advanced by the Township – namely, an order that he remove all objectionable items from his 100-acre property. The appellant also succeeded in having the clean-up costs struck from his property tax bill, in establishing that the Township had trespassed upon his property, and, as we have found, in establishing that the Township had converted chattels he owned.” R. v. Soules, 2011 ONCA 429 (CanLII) par[47] “[47] Use immunity created by a provincial statute cannot extend to proceedings under the Criminal Code, because it would be ultra vires the province to restrict the admissibility of evidence in criminal matters: White, at para. 35. As Iacobucci J. explains further, in para. 72, the purpose of this type of provincial legislation is not to assist the police in the investigation of specific crimes; rather, ‘[t]he provinces are entitled to inquire into factual circumstances that may involve the commission of a criminal offence, but their jurisdiction does not extend so far as to trench upon the federal power under s. 91(27) of the Constitution Act, 1867 over the criminal law.’ ” WHAT IS CONSIDERED “IN” THE MUNICIPALITY The various levels of government are simply corporations, so anything which is “IN” the government must belong to the government as property of that specific corporation. As stated in Mercer case below, privately owned property is not “IN” the province, is not “IN” the federal government, and is not “IN” the municipalities as part of these entities’ administrative property. Judge Gwynne in Mercer v. Attorney General for Ontario, (1881) 5 S.C.R. 538 at page 706 says “the term ‘public lands’ in the province, which is but an equivalent expression to ‘lands belonging to the provinces at the Union’ ” and at page 707 says “the ‘lands’ therefore which are referred to in sec. 109 of the British North America Act can only be construed to mean those ungranted or public lands belonging to the Crown“. For example purposes below, I will use the fictional names of ABC Township, the Corporation of the Township of ABC, and the City of XYZ. This example also applies to Provincial Corporations and Federal Corporations as well as Municipal Corporations. There seems to be a lack of understanding and a lack of distinction between the geographic area we call ABC Township and the Municipal Corporation itself we call the Corporation of the Township of ABC. The staff and council do not get paid from a geographic area. They get paid from a corporation. A geographic area cannot own land or assets. A geographic area cannot own a corporation. A geographic area cannot control or define a corporation. A geographic area cannot pass corporate by-laws. A corporation can own land and other assets, and the land and assets that the corporation owns are considered to be “IN” the corporation. A corporation can own land and physical assets but cannot be defined by a geographic limit or any other kind of physical limit since it is a fictitious entity. When council passes a by-law, it is a corporate by-law and can only affect the corporation and what is “IN” the corporation. The top of every by-law even says “CORPORATION OF THE TOWNSHIP OF ABC” proving that they are specific to the corporation and do not apply to a geographic area that is not owned by that corporation. These corporate by-laws have no authority over geographic areas that are not owned by the corporation. My private property may be within the geographic area we call ABC Township, but my private property is not “IN” the Corporation of the Township of ABC because it is not owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC and therefore its corporate by-laws do not apply to my private property. EXAMPLE: The Corporation of the Township of ABC owns some vehicles. These vehicles are not owned by the geographic area we call ABC Township. When one of those vehicles is used by staff, and driven to a different geographic area (say the City of XYZ), the vehicle is no longer in the geographic area we call the ABC Township, but it is still owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC and is therefore still “IN” the Corporation and is still subject to the by-laws of the Corporation of the Township of ABC. The geographic location of the vehicle is irrelevant, for as long as it is owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC, it is always “IN” the Corporation. The corporate limits of the Corporations authority are irrelevant of geographic location, as they still have authority over anything that is “IN” the Corporation regardless of its geographic location.
LIABILITY OF COUNCIL AND EMPLOYEES I would like to remind you that the Municipal Corporations council, officers, employees and its agents can be held liable for any torts that they commit. Section 448 of Municipal Act says “(Liability for torts) Subsection (1) does not relieve a municipality of liability to which it would otherwise be subject in respect of a tort committed by a member of council or an officer, employee or agent of the municipality or a person acting under the instructions of the officer, employee or agent.“ And here is an excerpt from the Ministry of Municipal Affairs 2014 Municipal Councillor’s Guide on legal considerations on exercising power. THE 2014 MUNICIPAL COUNCILLOR’S GUIDE published by MINISTRY OF MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS AND HOUSING LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS ON EXERCISING POWER Because municipalities are provincial creations, generally they only do what they have been authorized to do by the provincial government. A number of general consequences follow from this: – a provincial government would give a municipality only those powers that it may exercise itself within the Constitution’s division of federal and provincial powers; – generally, a municipal bylaw may not override a conflicting provincial statute. A bylaw that was valid when passed may become invalid if an overriding provincial statute is later put in place; and – if a municipality takes action for which it does not have statutory authority, or that exceeds the limits of its authority, the courts could quash the action as being ‘ultra vires’, that is, beyond the powers of the municipality. CONCLUSION A Municipal Corporation has no power, authority or control over my private property due to the legal maxim expressio unius est exclusio alterius meaning the Ontario Municipal Act specifically grants power, authority and control only to property owned by a Municipal Corporation, and does not grant any power, authority or control over private property. Any Municipal Corporation by-law or Provincial Legislation attempting to directly or indirectly grant power, authority or control over my private property is ultra-vires as it frustrates the purpose of my Crown Land Patent Grant, the Criminal Code of Canada, and the Common Law. Any Municipal Corporation by-law attempting to directly or indirectly grant access to my private property is ultra-vires as it frustrates the purpose of the Ontario Trespass to Property Act. My private property, regardless of its geographic location, is not owned by a Municipal Corporation or by a Provincial Corporation and is therefore not “IN” a Municipal Corporation and is not “IN” a Provincial Corporation and is therefore not subject to any by-laws created by a Municipal Corporation and is also not subject to any Provincial Legislation.
Black's Law, 6 edition. Fraud on court. A scheme to interfere with judicial machinery performing tasks of impartial adjudication, as by preventing opposing party from fairly presenting his case or defence. Finding a fraud on the court is justified only by both aggregates. Misconduct directed to the court itself, such as bribery of a judge or jury to fabrication of evidence by counsel, and must be supported by CLEAR. Unequivocal and convincing evidence.
Fraud. Blacks Law Dictionary. An intentional perversion of the truth for the purpose of inducing another in relation upon it to part with some valuable things belonging to him, or surrender illegal right. A false representation of a matter of fact, whether by words or by conduct. By false or misleading allegations. Or by concealment of that which should have been disclosed. Which deceives an is intended to decieve another, so that he shall act upon it to his legal injury. Anything calculated to deceive, whether by singular act or combination, or by suppression of truth. Or suggestion of what is false, whether it be direct falsehood or. In window, by speech or silence, word of mouth. Or look. Or gesture. 
Black's Law 6 addition fraudulent concealment. The hiding or suppression of a material fact or circumstance which the party is legally or morally bound to disclose. The employment of artifice plan to prevent inquiry or escape investigation and to mislead or hinder the acquisition of information. Disclosing a right of action.
---
Are you sure you're a "driver"?
DRIVER. One employed...
Bouvier’s Law Dictionary, 1856


DRIVER-- one employed in conducting a coach, carriage, wagon, or other vehicle..."
BOUVIER'S LAW DICTIONARY, (1914) p. 940.


Driver - One employed in conducting or operating a coach, carriage, wagon, or other vehicle, with horses, mules, or other animals, or a bicycle, tricycle, or motor car, though not a street railroad car. See Davis v. Petrinovich, 112 Ala. 654, 21 So. 344, 36 L.R.A. 615; Isaacs v. Railroad Co., 7 Am. Rep. 418, 47 N.Y. 122.
Black's Law Dictionary, 3rd Ed

DRIVER. One employed...
Black’s Law Dictionary, 4th Ed, 1951 
“The activity licensed by state DMVs and in connection with which individuals must submit personal information to the DMV - the operation of motor vehicles - is itself integrally related to interstate commerce”.
Seth Waxman, Solicitor General
U.S. Department of Justice
BRIEF FOR THE PETITIONERS
Reno v. Condon, No. 98-1464, decided January 12, 2000
Supreme Court of the United States
Title18, UNITED STATES CODE  Sec. 31
PART I - CRIMES
CHAPTER 2 - AIRCRAFT AND MOTOR VEHICLES
Sec. 31. Definitions
When used in this chapter the term -
''Motor vehicle'' means every description of carriage or other contrivance propelled or drawn by mechanical power and used for commercial purposes on the highways in the transportation of passengers, passengers and property, or property or cargo;
Motor vehicle - Laws of Florida c. 14764 (1931)
The term "motor vehicle" shall include all vehicles or machines propelled by any power other than muscular used upon the public highways (but not over fixed rails) for the transportation of persons or property for compensation either as common carriers, private contract carriers or for hire carriers.
Traffic - Webster's Unified Dictionary and Encyclopedia, International Illustrated Edition (1960)
1. Business or trade, commerce. 2. Transportation. 3. The movement of vehicles on street or highway, as, the traffic is very heavy today.
Traffic - Bouvier's Law Dictionary (1856)
Commerce, trade, sale or exchange of merchandise, bills, money and the like.
Traffic - Black's Law Dictionary 3rd
Commerce; trade; sale or exchange of merchandise, bills, money, and the like. The passing of goods or commodities from one person to another for an equivalent in goods or money. Senior v. Ratterman, 44 Ohio St. 673, 11 N.E. 321; People v. Horan, 293 Ill. 314, 127 N.E. 673, 674; People v. Dunford, 207 N.Y. 17, 100 N.E. 433, 434; Fine v. Morgan, 74 Fla. 417, 77 So. 533, 538; Bruno v. U. S. (C.C.A.) 289 F. 649, 655.
Traffic includes the ordinary uses of the streets and highways by travelers. Stewart v. Hugh Nawn Contracting Co., 223 Mass. 525, 112 N.E. 218, 219; Withey v. Fowler Co., 164 Iowa, 377, 145 N.W. 923, 927.
Traffic - Black's Law Dictionary 4th
Commerce; trade; sale or exchange of merchandise, bills, money, and the like. The passing of goods or commodities from one person to another for an equivalent in goods or money. Senior v. Ratterman, 44 Ohio St. 673, 11 N.E. 321; Fine v. Morgan, 74 Fla. 417, 77 So. 533, 538; Bruno v. U. S. C.C.A.Mass., 289 F. 649, 655; Kroger Grocery and Baking Co. v. Schwer, 36 Ohio App. 512, 173 N.E. 633. The subjects of transportation on a route, as persons or goods; the passing to and fro of persons, animals, vehicles, or vessels, along a route of transportation, as along a street, canal, etc. United States v. Golden Gate Bridge and Highway Dist. Of California, D.C.Cal., 37 F. Supp. 505, 512.
Traffic -Black's Law Dictionary 6th
Commerce; trade; sale or exchange of merchandise, bills, money, and the like. The passing or exchange of goods or commodities from one person to another for an equivalent in goods and money. The subjects of transportation on a route, as persons or goods; the passing to and fro of persons, animals, vegetables, or vessels, along a route of transportation, as along a street, highway, etc.
Transportation - Webster's Unified Dictionary and Encyclopedia, International Illustrated Edition (1960) 
1. The act or business of moving passengers and goods. 2. The means of conveyance used. 3. Banishment, esp. of convicts to a penal colony.
Transportation - Black's Law Dictionary 3rd
The removal of goods or persons from one place to another, by a carrier. See Railroad Co. v. Pratt, 22 Wall. 133, 22 L.Ed. 827; Interstate Commerce Com'n v. Brimson, 154 U.S. 447, 14 Sup.Ct. 1125, 38 L.Ed. 1047; Gloucester Ferry Co. v. Pennsylvania, 114 U.S. 196, 5 Sup.Ct. 826, 29 L.Ed. 158.

Under Interstate Commerce Act, (49 USCA sec. 1 et seq.), "transportation" includes the entire body of services rendered by a carrier in connection with the receipt, handling, and delivery of property transported, and includes the furnishing of cars. Pletcher v. Chicago, R. L. & P. Ry. Co., 103 Kan. 834, 177 P. 1, 2.
In a general sense transportation means merely conveyance from one place to another. People v. Martin, 235 Mich. 206, 209 N.W. 87.
Transportation - Black's Law Dictionary 4th
The removal of goods or persons from one place to another, by a carrier. Railroad Co. v. Pratt, 22 Wall. 133, 22 L.Ed. 827; Interstate Commerce Com'n v. Brimson, 14 S.Ct. 1125, 154 U.S. 447, 38 L.Ed. 1047; Gloucester Ferry Co. v. Pennsylvania, 5 S.Ct. 826, 114 U.S. 196, 29 L.Ed. 158.
Transportation - Black's 6th
The movement of goods or persons from one place to another, by a carrier.
Transportation - 49 U.S.C. ¤ 5102(12)
"transports" or "transportation" means the movement of property and loading, unloading, or storage incidental to the movement.
Transportation - Words and Phrases
See State v. Western Trans Co. (1950, Iowa) 43 N.W.2d 739 [The judge, after giving his conclusion, goes on to give examples of "transportation" - all involving the movement of persons or goods for hire.]
"Prior to November 2, 1926, the Statutes of 1925 imposed a license tax ... on those operating motor vehicles over the public highways for hire, ... On November 2, 1926, the People adopted an amendment to article XIII, section 15, of the Constitution, changing the tax rate ... on carriage of passengers and ... on transportation of property, and relieving the carrier of municipal licenses and taxes.  ... The amendment contained the provision that 'Such taxes shall be in lieu of all other taxes and licenses' upon the property of such companies."
People v. Borderland Express (1933) 218 Cal. 680, 681.
""It is obvious that those who operate motor vehicles for the transportation of persons or property for hire enjoy a different and more extensive use of the public highways. * * * Such extraordinary use constitutes a natural distinction and a full justification for their separate classification and for relieving from the burden of the license tax those who merely employ the public highways for the transportation of their own property or employees." 
Bacon Service Corporation v. Huss, 129 Cal. 21, 248 P. 235, 238." (State v. Karel, 180 So. 3 at 8.)
"... [T]he exemptions provided for in section 1 of the Motor Vehicle Transportation License Act of 1925 (Stats. 1925, p. 833) in favor of those who solely transport their own property or employees, or both, and of those who transport no persons or property for hire or compensation, by motor vehicle, have been determined in the Bacon Service Corporation case to be lawful exemptions.
In re Schmolke (1926) 199 Cal. 42, 46.
---
Canada the Corporation Let's establish that there are two Canada's. The first is known as the land of Canada and the second it the corporation also known as the juristic unit. Supreme Court of Canada Re: Authority of Parliament in relation to the Upper House, [1980] 1 S.C.R. 54 Date: 1979-12-21 “Further, although s.91(1) gave the Queen the power, with the advice and consent of the Senate and the House of Commons, to alter the “Constitution of Canada'' except in certain expressly designated areas, it does not confer a power to amend the B.N.A. Act. The word “Canada” in s.91(1) does not refer to Canada as a geographical unit but refers to the juristic federal unit. juristic federal unit brings forth or indicates that Canada is an artificial entity the corporate body. juristic person. See artificial person. artificial person. An entity, such as a corporation, created by law and given certain legal rights and duties of a human being; a being, real or imaginary, who for the purpose of legal reasoning is treated more or less as a human being

-------------------------------------
you say that Canada isnt a corporation like walmart. This appears to be false information as canada is registered on the securities exchange commission's website. It's registered as a for profit foreign corporation. just like the supreme court is also a registered corporation
add 3 corp images

-------------------------
The Canada being spoken about and brought forth in the Constitution act of 1867 is a corporate body, and we as inhabitants are being incorporated into this corporation. Since we can clearly see that Canada is a Corporate body we should be able to find subsequent evidence of this fact when Canada and its controlling powers are mentioned within the domestic laws. A Corporation is controlled by executive powers, so we should be able to find the evidence within domestic law that shows us that it is indeed executive powers which control Canada. The King Charles We know him under his title of the King. In fact here in Canada the official title that he is given or designated under is His Majesty, King of Canada and Defender of the Faith, this is his official title. He is designated the Sovereign of Canada and the empire he is part of goes by the designation of he Monarch. You are considered His Subject and servant and you have promised to obey his laws. The Government is being carried on presently on behalf of and in the name of the King. The Constitution Act 1867 article 9- The Executive Government and Authority of and over Canada is hereby declared to continue and be vested in the Queen. According to the laws the Queen (Now King Chuckles) holds the executive power to the corporation Canada. Article 91 - It shall be lawful for the Queen (now King Chuckles), by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate and House of Commons, to make Laws for the Peace, Order, and good Government of Canada. Here we are seeing that the executive powers are continued to be vested in the KING, the KING has the right to create laws (rules and regulations) for the peace and order of this Corporate body designated Canada.

__________________________________
you are bringing up good points that are in line with canada being a corporation and we enter into legal obligations with the state. YOU also said; Legally, we are citizens of a corporate state (Canada), and subject to its laws. A citizen is a class of "person" in law. A creature of statute also known as an artificial person or legal person. Such persons are also defined as being corporations. the following case supports what you said about the legal relationship with the state. "Inasmuch as every government is an artificial person, an abstraction, and a creature of the mind only, a government can interface only with other artificial persons. The imaginary, having neither actuality nor substance, is foreclosed from creating and attaining parity with the tangible. The legal manifestation of this is that no government, as well as any law, agency, aspect, court, etc. can concern itself with anything other than corporate, artificial persons and the contracts between them." Penhallow v. Doane's Administrators 3 U.S. 54; 1 L.Ed. 57; 3 Dall. 54, (1795) you said: By birth or naturalization, individuals enter into a legal relationship with the state — and yes, that relationship functions within a framework of obligations, rights, duties, and benefits. This legal relationship began with the registration of the birth certificate. It created the legal person spelled in all upper case letters known as the corporation.
Incorporate the name written in all upper case corporation
Further to this the King transfers this executive power to the Governor general of Canada. The Governor general carries on the government of Canada on behalf of the QUEEN (now King Charles) and not on behalf of the citizens. Constitution act 1867 article 10 The Provisions of this act referring to the Governor General…..carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the name of the QUEEN (King) It is clear that the Governor general is not acting on our behalf but in the best interest of the Queen The Canada being spoken about and brought forth in the Constitution act of 1867 is a corporate body, and we as inhabitants are being incorporated into this corporation. Since we can clearly see that Canada is a Corporate body we should be able to find subsequent evidence of this fact when Canada and its controlling powers are mentioned within the domestic laws. Constitution act 1867 article 9 The Executive Government and Authority of and over Canada is hereby declared to continue and be vested in the Queen (Now King Chuckles). Constitution act 1867 article 10- The Provisions of this Act referring to the Governor General extend and apply to the Governor General for the Time being of Canada, or other the Chief Executive Officer or Administrator for the Time being carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the Name of the Queen, by whatever Title he is designated Black’s law edition 7- Chief executive officer- A corporation’s highest-ranking administrator who manages the firm day by day and reports to the board of directors We just saw that the Supreme Court declared that Canada is a Corporate body and when we look to the type of power in operation within Canada, we find that it is corporate powers, executive powers. We know that executive powers only operate within a corporation.
OFFICE OF GOVERNOR GENERAL Corporation sole 2. The Governor General of Canada or other chief executive officer or administrator carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the name of the Sovereign, by whatever title designated, is a corporation sole The Governor General is the Chief executive of Canada and he controls what transpires in this corporation on behalf of His Majesty. He also shares this power with the Lieutenant Governors of the provinces. Constitution act 1867 article 14 It shall be lawful for the Queen, if Her Majesty thinks fit, to authorize the Governor General from Time to Time to appoint any Person or any Persons jointly or severally to be his Deputy or Deputies within any Part or Parts of Canada, and in that Capacity to exercise during the Pleasure of the Governor General such of the Powers, Authorities, and Functions of the Governor General as the Governor General deems it necessary or expedient to assign to him or them, subject to any Limitations or Directions expressed or given by the Queen (now king Charles); The Governor General and the lieutenant Governors are operating the executive powers of the Queen (King) for the corporation of Canada.


---------------------------------------------
we were never taught directly what Canada means in law only through assumptions, were we lead to believe that when we said Canada it meant a country, it meant a geographical location. You and I as individuals are being held under an oath of allegiance to the Queen (now King Charles). As a citizen of Canada it is being declared that we have promised to obey the King and His laws. The citizen is rendered a subject and servant of His Majesty and is forced to submit through the oath of allegiance. OATH OR AFFIRMATION OF CITIZENSHIP- I swear (or affirm) that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to His Majesty King Charles, King of Canada, His Heirs and Successors, and that I will faithfully observe the laws of Canada and fulfill my duties as a Canadian citizen. This state party Canada is declaring that you tacitly agreed to be under this oath as a Canadian Citizen and that you have promised to obey the laws that are given royal assent by His Majesty. It is through this mechanism that the representatives of His Majesty (crown) seek to hold you accountable to domestic laws (enactments and regulations). It is declared that you through your oath of allegiance have sworn to obey the laws of Canada and if you fail to obey them this invites punishment. The mechanism of control continues on when we look into the financial administration act. You see every licence or permit that you acquire (which you must pay for) is actually a right or privilege that Her Majesty (now King Chuckles) is Conferring upon you (giving you). Your drivers permit for example you paid the minister of transport a fee and he granted you a permit a licence. He granted you this right and privilege on behalf of Her Majesty. Financial administration act Charges for rights and privileges 19.1 The Governor in Council may, on the recommendation of the Treasury Board,(a) by regulation prescribe the fees or charges to be paid for a right or privilege conferred by or on behalf of Her Majesty in right of Canada, by means of a licence, permit or other authorization, by the persons or classes of persons on whom the right or privilege is conferred; or (b) authorize the appropriate Minister to prescribe by order those fees or charges, subject to such terms and conditions as may be specified by the Governor in Council. What we are seeing is that His Majesty retains the controlling power over Canada, His Ministers are operating on her behalf and for his Betterment. We as citizens are being forced to pay His Majesty for privileges and rights that are naturally ours. This controlling mechanism that is binding up our life is impacting us in many, many ways.
We see here that the district of columbia is a municipality with executive authority. we also see Her Majesty is a registered corporation or legal person. here's corporate canada and ontario's registration
Include Canada the myth and dc municipality and Ontario foreign govenment
The Justice system of Canada has a web page out that explains exactly according to them what a body corporate is. By taking 5 minutes to read their page, you will see that the term Body Corporate is simply another way of saying Corporation. So it is clear that Canada is indeed a corporate body and the government is nothing more then the executive powers who control and run this corporate body. We as men and women have been forced through the enactments and regulations to become part of this corporate body through the action of incorporation. We are made to operate and function as a class of person, as an officer of Canada. The legislators, the ones who make up domestic law have created enactments, statutory powers which force you into the designation of a class of person titled officer of these corporate bodies. These operations of law are the very foundations that the executive powers of Canada use to control and regulate our actions. For instance this operation of law is the mechanism that is being used to force individuals to pay taxation which is better known as a contribution to the economic, social and cultural development of Canada. To force you to operate from the designation of a class of person titled officer of the corporate body Canada limits and abridges your full legal capacity, your fundamental rights and freedoms. As an officer of the corporate body you are now considered a statutory creature and your rights and obligations now flow directly from enactments and regulations. This operation of law affects you in many areas of your life, it limits and abridges your property rights, it limits and abridges your right to decide what you will do with your wealth and resources that you pursue and gain and much more. It is you that gets to decide what designation you will stand under. No one has the right to force you to be part of their society, part of their corporation. The executive powers of McDonalds are not able to come to you and force you to work and be part of their body corporate so why do the executive powers of Canada feel that they can do just that. Why do they think that they can simply limit and abridge your fundamental rights and freedoms in order to force you to function as an officer of the Corporation Canada. give a one paragraph reply to what this brings to our arguments
As your beginning to see Canada is an empire that has been set up for the profit and control of a very few individuals. The system they set up and forced human beings to be apart of in Canada is a system that is against your fundamental rights and freedoms. This empire is using the energy and wealth of individuals like you and I to enrich the few. Through subjecting us to The laws that Her Majesty enacts or enforces we are brought into subject to serve this empire. We serve it through paying taxes, we serve it through paying for privileges and benefits. Many of us are not aware that we do not have to take part of this, we have our fundamental rights and freedoms that protect us from what is transpiring. The government of Canada, the politicians that run the Country are not sitting in their offices on our behalf. Their roles and duties are first and foremost for the protection of the State they created called Canada. The politicians are also under an oath of allegiance to the King. They are her ministers on her behalf. Their jobs are to enforce the rules and laws of this state upon its subjects the Canadian Citizen. The government's primary concern is the empire of the monarch and not the human beings that are located on this territory. Everything in Canada is structured around this Sovereign and belongs to him. We are taught and we hear much about democracy. This democracy is touted as the greatest thing since slice bread. We are however not shown the reality of this system and how it actually functions. We believe based upon what we are told that a democratic society brings equality and promotes a Government of the people for the people. Many support this system of politics in Canada without understanding the true nature or operation for the system itself. In Canada we are designated a person, who is a Canadian citizen a subject and servant of Her Majesty. The logical question that follows is. What capacity are we serving His Majesty and does it really impact our lives? A Human Being is born with rights and freedoms that are intrinsically theirs. No one can take them away and they belong to the human being just because they are. The person in Canada has had these rights and freedoms limited and now they are forced to pay His Majesty for privileges and benefits that she grants to her subjects. The privileges and benefits are way beneath the fundamental rights of a Human being.
uS Chief Justice Marshall’s 1819 description of perpetual succession: A corporation is an artificial being, invisible, intangible and existing only in contemplation of law. Being the mere creature of law, it possesses only those properties which the charter of its creation confers upon it, either expressly or as incident to its very existence. These are such as are supposed best calculated to effect the object for which it was created. Among the most important are immortality, and, if the expression may be allowed, individuality; properties, by which a perpetual succession of many person are considered as the same, and may act as a single individual. They enable a corporation to manage it own affairs, and to hold property, without the perplexing intricacies, the hazardous and endless necessity, of perpetual conveyances for the purpose of transmitting to from hand to hand. It is chiefly for the purpose of clothing bodies of men, in succession, with these qualities and capacities, that corporations were invented, and are in use. By these means, a perpetual succession of individuals are capable of acting for the promotion of the particular object, like one immortal being. i shared an image earlier with evidence of the District of Columbia being a municipality. Civil Law (Black's law 6th) ...more properly called "municipal" law, to distinguish it from the "law of nature," and from International law. ...The system of jurisprudence held and administered in the Roman empire, particularly as set forth in the compilation of Justinian and his successors, -comprising the institutes, Code, Digest, and Novels, and collectively denominated the "Corpus Juris Civilis," -as distinguished from the common law of England and the Canon law. See Code Civil Code Civil The code which embodies the civil laws of France. It was promulgated in 1804. When Napoleon became emperor, the name was changed to "Code Napoleon", by which it is still often designated though it is now officially styled by its original name of "Code Civil". (under code civil) Code de commerce. A French code, enacted in 1807, as a supplement to the Code Napoleon, regulating commercial transactions, the laws of business, bankruptcies, and the jurisdiction and the procedure of the court dealing with these subjects. Code de procedure civil. That part of the Code Napoleon which regulates the system of courts, their organization, civil procedure, special and extraordinary remedies, and the execution of judgements. Code d'instruction criminelle. A French code, enacted in 1808, regulating criminal procedure. Code of Justinian. The Code of Justinian (Codex Justinianeus) was a collection of emperial constitutions, compiled, by order of that emperor, by a commission, and promulgated A.D. 529. It comprised of twelve books, and was the first of the four compilations of law which make up the Corpus Juris Civilis. The name is often met in a connection indicating that the entire Corpus Juris Civilis is intended, or, sometimes, the Digest; but its should be confined to the Codex. Code penal. The penal or criminal code of France, enacted in 1810, See also Criminal law, Penal code Civil law. That body of law which every particular nation, Commonwealth, or city has established peculiarly for itself; more properly called in quotations municipal law, to distinguish it from the “law of nature” and from international law. The system of jurisprudence held and administered in the Roman Empire, particularly as set forth in the compilation of justinian and his successors, comprising the institutes, code, digest, and novels, and collectively denominated the “corpus juris civilis” as distinguished from the common law of England and the Canon law. Black’s law 6th Roman law In general sense, comprehends all the laws which prevailed among the Romans, without regard to the time of there origin, including the collections of Justinian. In a more restricted sense, the Germans understand this term merely the law Justinian, as adopted by them. In England and America, it appears to be customary to use the phrase indifferently with "the civil law", to designate the whole system of Roman jurisprudence, including the Corpus Juris Civilis; or, if any distinction is drawn, the expression "civil law" denotes the system of jurisprudence obtaining in those countries of continental Europe which have derived their juridical notions and principles from the Justinian collection, while "Roman law" is reserved as the proper appellation of the body of law developed under the government of Rome from the earliest times to the fall of the empire. See Civil law If the DIstrict of Columbia has been a registered corporation since 1871, it's considered in law a corporation, and Canada is a sub corporation of the District of Columbia, wouldn't that also classify Canada as a municipal corporation? It also operates under Roman Civil Law also know as Codes
If Canada is a Crown corporation, operating under statutes and administered by appointed executive officers, then yes — in form and function it behaves like a municipal corporation, even if it's not officially called that in Canadian law Access to Information Act R.S.C., 1985, c. A-1government institution means (b) any parent Crown corporation, and any wholly-owned subsidiary of such a corporation, within the meaning of section 83 of the Financial Administration Act; (institution fédérale) one paragraph answer
James Traficant's U.S. Bankruptcy Speech The Bankruptcy of The United States United States Congressional Record, March 17, 1993 Vol. 33, page H-1303 Speaker-Rep. James Traficant, Jr. (Ohio) addressing the House: "Mr. Speaker, we are here now in chapter 11. Members of Congress are official trustees presiding over the greatest reorganization of any Bankrupt entity in world history, the U.S. Government. We are setting forth hopefully, a blueprint for our future. There are some who say it is a coroner’s report that will lead to our demise. It is an established fact that the United States Federal Government has been dissolved by the Emergency Banking Act, March 9, 1933, 48 Stat. 1, Public Law 89-719; declared by President Roosevelt, being bankrupt and insolvent. H.J.R. 192, 73rd Congress m session June 5, 1933 - Joint Resolution To Suspend The Gold Standard and Abrogate The Gold Clause dissolved the Sovereign Authority of the United States and the official capacities of all United States Governmental Offices, Officers, and Departments and is further evidence that the United States Federal Government exists today in name only. The receivers of the United States Bankruptcy are the International Bankers, via the United Nations, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. All United States Offices, Officials, and Departments are now operating within a de facto status in name only under Emergency War Powers. With the Constitutional Republican form of Government now dissolved, the receivers of the Bankruptcy have adopted a new form of government for the United States. This new form of government is known as a Democracy, being an established Socialist/Communist order under a new governor for America. This act was instituted and established by transferring and/or placing the Office of the Secretary of Treasury to that of the Governor of the International Monetary Fund. Public Law 94-564, page 8, Section H.R. 13955 reads in part: "The U.S. Secretary of Treasury receives no compensation for representing the United States." Gold and silver were such a powerful money during the founding of the united states of America, that the founding fathers declared that only gold or silver coins can be "money" in America. Since gold and silver coinage were heavy and inconvenient for a lot of transactions, they were stored in banks and a claim check was issued as a money substitute. People traded their coupons as money, or "currency." Currency is not money, but a money substitute. Redeemable currency must promise to pay a dollar equivalent in gold or silver money. Federal Reserve Notes (FRNs) make no such promises, and are not "money." A Federal Reserve Note is a debt obligation of the federal United States government, not "money." The federal United States government and the U.S. Congress were not and have never been authorized by the Constitution for the united states of America to issue currency of any kind, but only lawful money, gold and silver coin.
-----------------------------------------

this is continued from his speech The Federal Reserve System is based on the Canon law and the principles of sovereignty protected in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. In fact, the international bankers used a "Canon Law Trust" as their model, adding stock and naming it a "Joint Stock Trust." The U.S. Congress had passed a law making it illegal for any legal "person" to duplicate a "Joint Stock Trust" in 1873. The Federal Reserve Act was legislated post-facto (to 1870), although post-facto laws are strictly forbidden by the Constitution. [1:9:3] The Federal Reserve System is a sovereign power structure separate and distinct from the federal United States government. The Federal Reserve is a maritime lender, and/or maritime insurance underwriter to the federal United States operating exclusively under Admiralty/Maritime law. The lender or underwriter bears the risks, and the Maritime law compelling specific performance in paying the interest, or premiums are the same. Assets of the debtor can also be hypothecated (to pledge something as a security without taking possession of it.) as security by the lender or underwriter. The Federal Reserve Act stipulated that the interest on the debt was to be paid in gold. There was no stipulation in the Federal Reserve Act for ever paying the principle
you raised a point i'd like to elaborate on first. We've establish canada as a corporation. Commercial law is defined as applying to corporations, body corporates and trusts. We've also established that Canada is a sub municipality or corporation of the District of Columbia. Now, at the beginning of the Uniform Commercial Code it states that the UCC applies to all 50 states of the District of Columbia and it's territories. Would Canada not be by default a state or territory of the DC
If "Territory" encompasses any thing within the jurisdiction of DC and Canada is found on the SEC within the Jurisdiction of DC, the Canada is a territory of the DC and falls under the UCC like all other commercial entities
Send pics of juristic federal unit 
MUNICIPALITIES HAVE NO POWER OR AUTHORITY ON PRIVATE PROPERTY The legal maxim expressio unius est exclusio alterius means that within a statute or regulation, when one or more things of a class are expressly mentioned, others of the same class are excluded. To say it another way, the inclusion of one thing means the exclusion of everything else. Ontario Municipal Act Regulation 586/06 has specific exclusions of private property. Section 2(4) says “Nothing in this Regulation authorizes a municipality to enter and undertake a work as a local improvement on private property without the permission of the owner or other person having the authority to grant such permission.” Section 36.1 says “In accordance with this Part, a municipality may raise the cost of undertaking works as local improvements on private property by imposing special charges on the lots of consenting property owners upon which all or part of the works are or will be located.“ Notice that the Municipal Corporation needs permission/consent from the private property owner, without which they have no authority. The Ontario Municipal Act itself has specific inclusions of public property owned by the Municipal Corporation and specific exclusions of services/things it does not own. Sections 10(2)4 & 11(2)4 says the Municipal Corporation may pass by-laws respecting “Public assets of the municipality acquired for the purpose of exercising its authority under this or any other Act.” Sections 10(4) & 11(6) says the Municipal Corporation does not have “the power to pass a by-law respecting services or things provided by a person other than the municipality or a municipal service board of the municipality.” Section 8(1) says that the Municipal Corporations scope of power is there so it can “govern its affairs.” The word “its” is a possessive pronoun, meaning you have the power to govern the affairs that belong to the Municipal Corporation only. Notice that you only have authority over public assets that you own, you have no authority over services/things that you are not providing, and your scope of power is for governing your own affairs only. Within the above Act and Regulation, we see that public property is specifically included and private property is specifically excluded from the Municipal Corporations control. Private property is NEVER included anywhere, and therefore the maxim of expressio unius est exclusio alterius applies. The Municipal Corporations power, authority and control is limited only to public property it owns, and not to private property. This maxim can further be confirmed by another section of the Ontario Municipal Act. Section 9 says “(Powers of a natural person) A municipality has the capacity, rights, powers and privileges of a natural person for the purpose of exercising its authority under this or any other Act.” two para answer
The Municipal Corporation cannot give itself more power or authority than what was granted by statute from the Province. And the Province cannot grant power or authority to the Municipal Corporation over something that it does not have to give. Therefore the Municipal Corporation has no power, authority or control over private property it does not own. CASELAW Ontario (Attorney General) v. Rowntree Beach Assn., 1994 CanLII 7228 (ON SC) “Her Majesty the Queen in right of Ontario has no right, title or interest in and to the lands described …“ The Great West Saddlery Company Limited and others v. The King [1921] UKPC 27, [1921] AC 91 (25 February 1921), Privy Council (on appeal from Canada) At page 100 it says “What cannot be done directly cannot be done indirectly.“ R. v. Greenbaum, [1993] 1 SCR 674, 1993 CanLII 166 (SCC) “Municipalities are entirely the creatures of provincial statutes and can therefore exercise only those powers which are explicitly conferred on them by provincial statute. A court should look to the purpose and wording of the provincial enabling legislation when deciding whether or not a municipality has been empowered to pass a certain by-law. The by-laws themselves are to be read to fit within the parameters of the empowering provincial statute where they are susceptible to more than one interpretation. Courts must be vigilant, however, in ensuring that municipalities do not impinge upon the civil or common law rights of citizens in passing ultra vires by-laws.“ Noble v. Township of Brantford 1963, 2 OR 393-401, Ontario High Court of Justice “The first and most obvious limitation is found in the limitations imposed upon the power of the Province itself by the B.N.A. Act. The Province has not itself universal power of legislation, and its creature the municipality can have no higher power.“ Attorney General for British Columbia and Minister of Lands v. Brooks-Bidlake and Whitall Ltd 63 SCR 466 1922 Judge Idington confirms “… the right of an owner to deal with the lands belonging to him or it, as to such owner may seem fit …“
O’Donohue v. Canada, 2003 CanLII 41404 (ON SCCOURT FILE NO.: 01-CV-217147CM DATE: 20030626 “[15] … It is well settled that the Charter cannot be used to amend or trump another part of our constitution …” MUNICIPAL BY-LAWS ARE ULTRA-VIRES ON PRIVATE PROPERTY Municipal by-laws are ultra-vires (of no force or effect) if they conflict with or frustrate the purpose of a provincial or federal Act/regulation or an instrument of legislative nature. From the Ontario Municipal Act we have the following: Section 14(1) says “(Conflict between by-law and statutes, etc.) A by-law is without effect to the extent of any conflict with, (a) a provincial or federal Act or a regulation made under such an Act; or (b) an instrument of a legislative nature, including an order, licence or approval, made or issued under a provincial or federal Act or regulation.” Section 14(2) says “Without restricting the generality of subsection (1), there is a conflict between a by-law of a municipality and an Act, regulation or instrument described in that subsection if the by-law frustrates the purpose of the Act, regulation or instrument.” A municipal by-law cannot frustrate the purpose of a Federal/Provincial statute/law or an instrument of legislative nature, otherwise the by-law is ultra-vires (meaning it is of no force or effect). CONFLICT WITH CROWN LAND PATENT GRANT A Crown Land Patent Grant was the Crown (Federal/Provincial/Municipal government) giving up their right, title and interest in a piece of land to an individual or corporation. It then became private property, no longer under the authority or control or power of the Crown. Most of these grants include the wording “heirs and assigns forever” meaning it can be passed down from generation to generation without the Crown ever being able to interfere with those private property rights again. Since “forever” has not come yet, any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of the Crown Land Patent Grant, making it ultra-vires. CONFLICT WITH COMMON LAW TORT OF INVASION OF PRIVACY In Jones v. Tsige, 2012 ONCA 32, Judge Sharpe of the Ontario Court of Appeal confirms that the Common Law Tort of Invasion of Privacy (Intrusion Upon Seclusion Or Solitude) includes: – one who intentionally intrudes, physically or otherwise, upon the seclusion of another or his private affairs or concerns, and – physical intrusions into private places as well as listening or looking, with or without mechanical aids, into the plaintiff’s private affairs. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of this Common Law Tort, making it ultra-vires.
CONFLICT WITH CRIMINAL CODE OF CANADA Section 72 (Forcible Entry and Detainer) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from entering property where it can lead to a beach of peace. Section 180 (Common Nuisance) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from obstructing a person from exercising or enjoyment of their rights. Section 430 (Mischief) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from obstructing a person from the lawful use, enjoyment or operation of their property. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of these Criminal Code sections, making it ultra-vires. CONFLICT WITH ONTARIO TRESPASS TO PROPERTY ACT Section 3 of the Ontario Trespass to Property Act states that entry on to a premises can be prohibited by notice given orally, in writing or by clearly posted signs. And Section 2 states that any person who enters on the premises without the express permission of the occupier is committing the offence of Trespass. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property would frustrate the purpose of this Act, making it ultra-vires. CASELAW Ontario (Attorney General) v. Rowntree Beach Assn., 1994 CanLII 7228 (ON SC) “Her Majesty the Queen in right of Ontario has no right, title or interest in and to the lands described …” Mercer v. Attorney General of Ontario, 1883, 8 AC 767, Privy Council “… it was insisted, that a line was drawn at the date of the Union, and that the words were not sufficient to reserve any lands afterwards escheated which at the time of the Union were in private hands, and did not then belong to the Crown.” 1960 CANADIAN BILL OF RIGHTS Section 1(a) says “It is hereby recognized and declared that in Canada there have existed and shall continue to exist … the following human rights and fundamental freedoms … the right of the individual to life, liberty, security of the person and enjoyment of property.” Ontario Property and Civil Rights Act “Rule of decision 1. In all matters of controversy relative to property and civil rights, resort shall be had to the laws of England as they stood on the 15th day of October, 1792, as the rule for the decision of the same, and all matters relative to testimony and legal proof in the investigation of fact and the forms thereof in the courts of Ontario shall be regulated by the rules of evidence established in England, as they existed on that day …” Attorney General v. De Keyser’s Royal Hotel, Ltd., May 10, 1920 “Again it appears to me to be almost inconceivable that the Crown should claim the right to do such things as prostrate fences, take possession of the great industrial works mentioned, or cause any buildings to be destroyed, without being bound at law to compensate the owners therefor.” … “This is a fundamental principle, going back at least to Magna Carta,” … “Since Magna Carta the estate of a subject in lands or buildings has been protected against the prerogative of the Crown.”
Cook’s Road Maintenance Assoc. v. Crowhill Estates, 2001 CanLII 24149 (ON CA) “[45] … it is necessary to be mindful of the fact that Cook’s Road is situated on private land. It is privately owned by the appellant. To declare a private road to be a public road will extinguish the property rights of its owner. It is a very serious step, therefore, for a court to declare an individual’s private property to be public property. Property rights are to be respected.” Lynch v St. John’s (City), 2016 NLCA 35 (CanLII) “[63] … Having the property rights flowing from a Crown grant, with virtually unrestricted rights to build and to appropriate and use groundwater, transformed to merely a right to keep the land ‘unused in its natural state,’ results in virtually all of the aggregated incidents of ownership being taken away. All of the reasonable uses of the property were taken away and a compulsory taking, a de facto or constructive expropriation, resulted.” Trustees of Dartmouth College v. Woodward, 4 Wheat. 518 (1819) “If the legislature mean to claim such an authority, it must be reserved in the grant.” William Cooper v . The Honourable Alexander Stuart (Colonial Secretary), from the Supreme Court of New South Wales; delivered 3rd April 1889 “[The Crown’s] prospective wants can only be provided for in two ways, either by reserving from settlement portions of land, which may prove to be useless for the purpose for which they are reserved, or by making grants of land in settlement, retaining the right to resume such parts as may be found necessary for the uses of an increased population.” PROVINCIAL STATUTES/REGULATIONS ARE ULTRA-VIRES ON PRIVATE PROPERTY Looking at the caselaw from the above section, you will notice that these all apply to Provincial Legislation as well. The Crown/Province has no right, title or interest in private property it does not own. Private property does not belong to the Crown/Province. Private property is protected from the prerogative of the Crown/Province. Private property rights are to be respected by the Crown/Province. Any power, authority or control the Crown/Province claims to have over private property must have been reserved in Crown Grant Land Patent. Also the doctrine of federal paramountcy applies to any provincial law that would frustrate the purpose of the federal law, meaning any conflict between Federal and Provincial Legislation renders the Provincial Legislation ultra-vires (of no force or effect). CASELAW Canadian Western Bank v. Alberta, [2007] 2 SCR 3 “To sum up, the onus is on the party relying on the doctrine of federal paramountcy to demonstrate that the federal and provincial laws are in fact incompatible by establishing either that it is impossible to comply with both laws or that to apply the provincial law would frustrate the purpose of the federal law.” Reference re Upper Churchill Water Rights Reversion Act, [1984] 1 SCR 297 “Where, however, the pith and substance of the provincial enactment is the derogation from or elimination of extraprovincial rights then, even if it is cloaked in the proper constitutional form, it will be ultra vires. A colourable attempt to preserve the appearance of constitutionality in order to conceal an unconstitutional objective will not save the legislation.”
Georgian Bluffs (Township) v. Moyer, 2012 ONCA 700, DOCKET: C53734 “[20] The action that ‘should have never occurred’ was an action brought by the Township. The appellant successfully defended himself against the most significant element of the claim advanced by the Township – namely, an order that he remove all objectionable items from his 100-acre property. The appellant also succeeded in having the clean-up costs struck from his property tax bill, in establishing that the Township had trespassed upon his property, and, as we have found, in establishing that the Township had converted chattels he owned.” R. v. Soules, 2011 ONCA 429 (CanLII) par[47] “[47] Use immunity created by a provincial statute cannot extend to proceedings under the Criminal Code, because it would be ultra vires the province to restrict the admissibility of evidence in criminal matters: White, at para. 35. As Iacobucci J. explains further, in para. 72, the purpose of this type of provincial legislation is not to assist the police in the investigation of specific crimes; rather, ‘[t]he provinces are entitled to inquire into factual circumstances that may involve the commission of a criminal offence, but their jurisdiction does not extend so far as to trench upon the federal power under s. 91(27) of the Constitution Act, 1867 over the criminal law.’ ” WHAT IS CONSIDERED “IN” THE MUNICIPALITY The various levels of government are simply corporations, so anything which is “IN” the government must belong to the government as property of that specific corporation. As stated in Mercer case below, privately owned property is not “IN” the province, is not “IN” the federal government, and is not “IN” the municipalities as part of these entities’ administrative property. Judge Gwynne in Mercer v. Attorney General for Ontario, (1881) 5 S.C.R. 538 at page 706 says “the term ‘public lands’ in the province, which is but an equivalent expression to ‘lands belonging to the provinces at the Union’ ” and at page 707 says “the ‘lands’ therefore which are referred to in sec. 109 of the British North America Act can only be construed to mean those ungranted or public lands belonging to the Crown“. For example purposes below, I will use the fictional names of ABC Township, the Corporation of the Township of ABC, and the City of XYZ. This example also applies to Provincial Corporations and Federal Corporations as well as Municipal Corporations. There seems to be a lack of understanding and a lack of distinction between the geographic area we call ABC Township and the Municipal Corporation itself we call the Corporation of the Township of ABC. The staff and council do not get paid from a geographic area. They get paid from a corporation. A geographic area cannot own land or assets. A geographic area cannot own a corporation. A geographic area cannot control or define a corporation. A geographic area cannot pass corporate by-laws. A corporation can own land and other assets, and the land and assets that the corporation owns are considered to be “IN” the corporation. A corporation can own land and physical assets but cannot be defined by a geographic limit or any other kind of physical limit since it is a fictitious entity. When council passes a by-law, it is a corporate by-law and can only affect the corporation and what is “IN” the corporation. The top of every by-law even says “CORPORATION OF THE TOWNSHIP OF ABC” proving that they are specific to the corporation and do not apply to a geographic area that is not owned by that corporation. These corporate by-laws have no authority over geographic areas that are not owned by the corporation. My private property may be within the geographic area we call ABC Township, but my private property is not “IN” the Corporation of the Township of ABC because it is not owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC and therefore its corporate by-laws do not apply to my private property. EXAMPLE: The Corporation of the Township of ABC owns some vehicles. These vehicles are not owned by the geographic area we call ABC Township. When one of those vehicles is used by staff, and driven to a different geographic area (say the City of XYZ), the vehicle is no longer in the geographic area we call the ABC Township, but it is still owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC and is therefore still “IN” the Corporation and is still subject to the by-laws of the Corporation of the Township of ABC. The geographic location of the vehicle is irrelevant, for as long as it is owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC, it is always “IN” the Corporation. The corporate limits of the Corporations authority are irrelevant of geographic location, as they still have authority over anything that is “IN” the Corporation regardless of its geographic location.
LIABILITY OF COUNCIL AND EMPLOYEES I would like to remind you that the Municipal Corporations council, officers, employees and its agents can be held liable for any torts that they commit. Section 448 of Municipal Act says “(Liability for torts) Subsection (1) does not relieve a municipality of liability to which it would otherwise be subject in respect of a tort committed by a member of council or an officer, employee or agent of the municipality or a person acting under the instructions of the officer, employee or agent.“ And here is an excerpt from the Ministry of Municipal Affairs 2014 Municipal Councillor’s Guide on legal considerations on exercising power. THE 2014 MUNICIPAL COUNCILLOR’S GUIDE published by MINISTRY OF MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS AND HOUSING LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS ON EXERCISING POWER Because municipalities are provincial creations, generally they only do what they have been authorized to do by the provincial government. A number of general consequences follow from this: – a provincial government would give a municipality only those powers that it may exercise itself within the Constitution’s division of federal and provincial powers; – generally, a municipal bylaw may not override a conflicting provincial statute. A bylaw that was valid when passed may become invalid if an overriding provincial statute is later put in place; and – if a municipality takes action for which it does not have statutory authority, or that exceeds the limits of its authority, the courts could quash the action as being ‘ultra vires’, that is, beyond the powers of the municipality. CONCLUSION A Municipal Corporation has no power, authority or control over my private property due to the legal maxim expressio unius est exclusio alterius meaning the Ontario Municipal Act specifically grants power, authority and control only to property owned by a Municipal Corporation, and does not grant any power, authority or control over private property. Any Municipal Corporation by-law or Provincial Legislation attempting to directly or indirectly grant power, authority or control over my private property is ultra-vires as it frustrates the purpose of my Crown Land Patent Grant, the Criminal Code of Canada, and the Common Law. Any Municipal Corporation by-law attempting to directly or indirectly grant access to my private property is ultra-vires as it frustrates the purpose of the Ontario Trespass to Property Act. My private property, regardless of its geographic location, is not owned by a Municipal Corporation or by a Provincial Corporation and is therefore not “IN” a Municipal Corporation and is not “IN” a Provincial Corporation and is therefore not subject to any by-laws created by a Municipal Corporation and is also not subject to any Provincial Legislation.
Black's Law, 6 edition. Fraud on court. A scheme to interfere with judicial machinery performing tasks of impartial adjudication, as by preventing opposing party from fairly presenting his case or defence. Finding a fraud on the court is justified only by both aggregates. Misconduct directed to the court itself, such as bribery of a judge or jury to fabrication of evidence by counsel, and must be supported by CLEAR. Unequivocal and convincing evidence.
Fraud. Blacks Law Dictionary. An intentional perversion of the truth for the purpose of inducing another in relation upon it to part with some valuable things belonging to him, or surrender illegal right. A false representation of a matter of fact, whether by words or by conduct. By false or misleading allegations. Or by concealment of that which should have been disclosed. Which deceives an is intended to decieve another, so that he shall act upon it to his legal injury. Anything calculated to deceive, whether by singular act or combination, or by suppression of truth. Or suggestion of what is false, whether it be direct falsehood or. In window, by speech or silence, word of mouth. Or look. Or gesture. 
Black's Law 6 addition fraudulent concealment. The hiding or suppression of a material fact or circumstance which the party is legally or morally bound to disclose. The employment of artifice plan to prevent inquiry or escape investigation and to mislead or hinder the acquisition of information. Disclosing a right of action.
---
let's take a look at the common law. not the common law referred by the legal system r court precedents but rather the common law of England as it was in 1789 when the constitution came into effect. when we look back at the confirmatio cartarum, the magna carta came into effect in 1215, and sometime later, we had confirmatio cartarum. the confirmatio cartarum which was also in the 1200's, recognized the magna carta. As one of the accused of the state if we choose for the magna carta be treated as the common law, then the magna carta is the common law of England. so the confirmatio cartarum and the magna carta were in effect in 1789 . in the confirmatio cartarum first paragraph #3 it says "and our justices, sheriifs, mayors, and all other ministers which under us have the laws of our land to guide shall allow the said charter pleaded before them in judgement in all their points, that is to wit the great charter as the common law and the great charter is the magna carta. section 8.1 of the interpretation act recognizes the common law as having equal authority in property rights as the civil. The common law according the confirmatio cartarum is the magna carta.

Halsbury's law of England states "magna carta is binding upon the crown today as it was sealed in runnymede. the house of lords records confirmed in writing that magna carta, sealed by king john in june 1215, stand to this day home secretary jack straw said as much on october 1 2000 article 61 was invoked march 23 2001 By Edward III's reign, Magna Carta was regularly confirmed in statute legislation and there were additional guarantees that, irrespective of his estate, no man would be condemned or made to answer accusations without the correct procedures being followed. Vilardell v. Dunham, [2012] B.C.J. No. 1016, 2012 BCSC 748, 260 C.R.R. (2d) 1
---
let's take a look at the common law. not the common law referred by the legal system r court precedents but rather the common law of England as it was in 1789 when the constitution came into effect. when we look back at the confirmatio cartarum, the magna carta came into effect in 1215, and sometime later, we had confirmatio cartarum. the confirmatio cartarum which was also in the 1200's, recognized the magna carta. As one of the accused of the state if we choose for the magna carta be treated as the common law, then the magna carta is the common law of England. so the confirmatio cartarum and the magna carta were in effect in 1789 . in the confirmatio cartarum first paragraph #3 it says "and our justices, sheriifs, mayors, and all other ministers which under us have the laws of our land to guide shall allow the said charter pleaded before them in judgement in all their points, that is to wit the great charter as the common law and the great charter is the magna carta. section 8.1 of the interpretation act recognizes the common law as having equal authority in property rights as the civil. The common law according the confirmatio cartarum is the magna carta.

Halsbury's law of England states "magna carta is binding upon the crown today as it was sealed in runnymede. the house of lords records confirmed in writing that magna carta, sealed by king john in june 1215, stand to this day home secretary jack straw said as much on october 1 2000 article 61 was invoked march 23 2001 By Edward III's reign, Magna Carta was regularly confirmed in statute legislation and there were additional guarantees that, irrespective of his estate, no man would be condemned or made to answer accusations without the correct procedures being followed. Vilardell v. Dunham, [2012] B.C.J. No. 1016, 2012 BCSC 748, 260 C.R.R. (2d) 1
---
Canada the Corporation Let's establish that there are two Canada's. The first is known as the land of Canada and the second it the corporation also known as the juristic unit. Supreme Court of Canada Re: Authority of Parliament in relation to the Upper House, [1980] 1 S.C.R. 54 Date: 1979-12-21 “Further, although s.91(1) gave the Queen the power, with the advice and consent of the Senate and the House of Commons, to alter the “Constitution of Canada'' except in certain expressly designated areas, it does not confer a power to amend the B.N.A. Act. The word “Canada” in s.91(1) does not refer to Canada as a geographical unit but refers to the juristic federal unit. juristic federal unit brings forth or indicates that Canada is an artificial entity the corporate body. juristic person. See artificial person. artificial person. An entity, such as a corporation, created by law and given certain legal rights and duties of a human being; a being, real or imaginary, who for the purpose of legal reasoning is treated more or less as a human being

-------------------------------------
you say that Canada isnt a corporation like walmart. This appears to be false information as canada is registered on the securities exchange commission's website. It's registered as a for profit foreign corporation. just like the supreme court is also a registered corporation
add 3 corp images

-------------------------
The Canada being spoken about and brought forth in the Constitution act of 1867 is a corporate body, and we as inhabitants are being incorporated into this corporation. Since we can clearly see that Canada is a Corporate body we should be able to find subsequent evidence of this fact when Canada and its controlling powers are mentioned within the domestic laws. A Corporation is controlled by executive powers, so we should be able to find the evidence within domestic law that shows us that it is indeed executive powers which control Canada. The King Charles We know him under his title of the King. In fact here in Canada the official title that he is given or designated under is His Majesty, King of Canada and Defender of the Faith, this is his official title. He is designated the Sovereign of Canada and the empire he is part of goes by the designation of he Monarch. You are considered His Subject and servant and you have promised to obey his laws. The Government is being carried on presently on behalf of and in the name of the King. The Constitution Act 1867 article 9- The Executive Government and Authority of and over Canada is hereby declared to continue and be vested in the Queen. According to the laws the Queen (Now King Chuckles) holds the executive power to the corporation Canada. Article 91 - It shall be lawful for the Queen (now King Chuckles), by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate and House of Commons, to make Laws for the Peace, Order, and good Government of Canada. Here we are seeing that the executive powers are continued to be vested in the KING, the KING has the right to create laws (rules and regulations) for the peace and order of this Corporate body designated Canada.

__________________________________
you are bringing up good points that are in line with canada being a corporation and we enter into legal obligations with the state. YOU also said; Legally, we are citizens of a corporate state (Canada), and subject to its laws. A citizen is a class of "person" in law. A creature of statute also known as an artificial person or legal person. Such persons are also defined as being corporations. the following case supports what you said about the legal relationship with the state. "Inasmuch as every government is an artificial person, an abstraction, and a creature of the mind only, a government can interface only with other artificial persons. The imaginary, having neither actuality nor substance, is foreclosed from creating and attaining parity with the tangible. The legal manifestation of this is that no government, as well as any law, agency, aspect, court, etc. can concern itself with anything other than corporate, artificial persons and the contracts between them." Penhallow v. Doane's Administrators 3 U.S. 54; 1 L.Ed. 57; 3 Dall. 54, (1795) you said: By birth or naturalization, individuals enter into a legal relationship with the state — and yes, that relationship functions within a framework of obligations, rights, duties, and benefits. This legal relationship began with the registration of the birth certificate. It created the legal person spelled in all upper case letters known as the corporation.
Incorporate the name written in all upper case corporation
Further to this the King transfers this executive power to the Governor general of Canada. The Governor general carries on the government of Canada on behalf of the QUEEN (now King Charles) and not on behalf of the citizens. Constitution act 1867 article 10 The Provisions of this act referring to the Governor General…..carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the name of the QUEEN (King) It is clear that the Governor general is not acting on our behalf but in the best interest of the Queen The Canada being spoken about and brought forth in the Constitution act of 1867 is a corporate body, and we as inhabitants are being incorporated into this corporation. Since we can clearly see that Canada is a Corporate body we should be able to find subsequent evidence of this fact when Canada and its controlling powers are mentioned within the domestic laws. Constitution act 1867 article 9 The Executive Government and Authority of and over Canada is hereby declared to continue and be vested in the Queen (Now King Chuckles). Constitution act 1867 article 10- The Provisions of this Act referring to the Governor General extend and apply to the Governor General for the Time being of Canada, or other the Chief Executive Officer or Administrator for the Time being carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the Name of the Queen, by whatever Title he is designated Black’s law edition 7- Chief executive officer- A corporation’s highest-ranking administrator who manages the firm day by day and reports to the board of directors We just saw that the Supreme Court declared that Canada is a Corporate body and when we look to the type of power in operation within Canada, we find that it is corporate powers, executive powers. We know that executive powers only operate within a corporation.
OFFICE OF GOVERNOR GENERAL Corporation sole 2. The Governor General of Canada or other chief executive officer or administrator carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the name of the Sovereign, by whatever title designated, is a corporation sole The Governor General is the Chief executive of Canada and he controls what transpires in this corporation on behalf of His Majesty. He also shares this power with the Lieutenant Governors of the provinces. Constitution act 1867 article 14 It shall be lawful for the Queen, if Her Majesty thinks fit, to authorize the Governor General from Time to Time to appoint any Person or any Persons jointly or severally to be his Deputy or Deputies within any Part or Parts of Canada, and in that Capacity to exercise during the Pleasure of the Governor General such of the Powers, Authorities, and Functions of the Governor General as the Governor General deems it necessary or expedient to assign to him or them, subject to any Limitations or Directions expressed or given by the Queen (now king Charles); The Governor General and the lieutenant Governors are operating the executive powers of the Queen (King) for the corporation of Canada.


---------------------------------------------
we were never taught directly what Canada means in law only through assumptions, were we lead to believe that when we said Canada it meant a country, it meant a geographical location. You and I as individuals are being held under an oath of allegiance to the Queen (now King Charles). As a citizen of Canada it is being declared that we have promised to obey the King and His laws. The citizen is rendered a subject and servant of His Majesty and is forced to submit through the oath of allegiance. OATH OR AFFIRMATION OF CITIZENSHIP- I swear (or affirm) that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to His Majesty King Charles, King of Canada, His Heirs and Successors, and that I will faithfully observe the laws of Canada and fulfill my duties as a Canadian citizen. This state party Canada is declaring that you tacitly agreed to be under this oath as a Canadian Citizen and that you have promised to obey the laws that are given royal assent by His Majesty. It is through this mechanism that the representatives of His Majesty (crown) seek to hold you accountable to domestic laws (enactments and regulations). It is declared that you through your oath of allegiance have sworn to obey the laws of Canada and if you fail to obey them this invites punishment. The mechanism of control continues on when we look into the financial administration act. You see every licence or permit that you acquire (which you must pay for) is actually a right or privilege that Her Majesty (now King Chuckles) is Conferring upon you (giving you). Your drivers permit for example you paid the minister of transport a fee and he granted you a permit a licence. He granted you this right and privilege on behalf of Her Majesty. Financial administration act Charges for rights and privileges 19.1 The Governor in Council may, on the recommendation of the Treasury Board,(a) by regulation prescribe the fees or charges to be paid for a right or privilege conferred by or on behalf of Her Majesty in right of Canada, by means of a licence, permit or other authorization, by the persons or classes of persons on whom the right or privilege is conferred; or (b) authorize the appropriate Minister to prescribe by order those fees or charges, subject to such terms and conditions as may be specified by the Governor in Council. What we are seeing is that His Majesty retains the controlling power over Canada, His Ministers are operating on her behalf and for his Betterment. We as citizens are being forced to pay His Majesty for privileges and rights that are naturally ours. This controlling mechanism that is binding up our life is impacting us in many, many ways.
We see here that the district of columbia is a municipality with executive authority. we also see Her Majesty is a registered corporation or legal person. here's corporate canada and ontario's registration
Include Canada the myth and dc municipality and Ontario foreign govenment
The Justice system of Canada has a web page out that explains exactly according to them what a body corporate is. By taking 5 minutes to read their page, you will see that the term Body Corporate is simply another way of saying Corporation. So it is clear that Canada is indeed a corporate body and the government is nothing more then the executive powers who control and run this corporate body. We as men and women have been forced through the enactments and regulations to become part of this corporate body through the action of incorporation. We are made to operate and function as a class of person, as an officer of Canada. The legislators, the ones who make up domestic law have created enactments, statutory powers which force you into the designation of a class of person titled officer of these corporate bodies. These operations of law are the very foundations that the executive powers of Canada use to control and regulate our actions. For instance this operation of law is the mechanism that is being used to force individuals to pay taxation which is better known as a contribution to the economic, social and cultural development of Canada. To force you to operate from the designation of a class of person titled officer of the corporate body Canada limits and abridges your full legal capacity, your fundamental rights and freedoms. As an officer of the corporate body you are now considered a statutory creature and your rights and obligations now flow directly from enactments and regulations. This operation of law affects you in many areas of your life, it limits and abridges your property rights, it limits and abridges your right to decide what you will do with your wealth and resources that you pursue and gain and much more. It is you that gets to decide what designation you will stand under. No one has the right to force you to be part of their society, part of their corporation. The executive powers of McDonalds are not able to come to you and force you to work and be part of their body corporate so why do the executive powers of Canada feel that they can do just that. Why do they think that they can simply limit and abridge your fundamental rights and freedoms in order to force you to function as an officer of the Corporation Canada. give a one paragraph reply to what this brings to our arguments
As your beginning to see Canada is an empire that has been set up for the profit and control of a very few individuals. The system they set up and forced human beings to be apart of in Canada is a system that is against your fundamental rights and freedoms. This empire is using the energy and wealth of individuals like you and I to enrich the few. Through subjecting us to The laws that Her Majesty enacts or enforces we are brought into subject to serve this empire. We serve it through paying taxes, we serve it through paying for privileges and benefits. Many of us are not aware that we do not have to take part of this, we have our fundamental rights and freedoms that protect us from what is transpiring. The government of Canada, the politicians that run the Country are not sitting in their offices on our behalf. Their roles and duties are first and foremost for the protection of the State they created called Canada. The politicians are also under an oath of allegiance to the King. They are her ministers on her behalf. Their jobs are to enforce the rules and laws of this state upon its subjects the Canadian Citizen. The government's primary concern is the empire of the monarch and not the human beings that are located on this territory. Everything in Canada is structured around this Sovereign and belongs to him. We are taught and we hear much about democracy. This democracy is touted as the greatest thing since slice bread. We are however not shown the reality of this system and how it actually functions. We believe based upon what we are told that a democratic society brings equality and promotes a Government of the people for the people. Many support this system of politics in Canada without understanding the true nature or operation for the system itself. In Canada we are designated a person, who is a Canadian citizen a subject and servant of Her Majesty. The logical question that follows is. What capacity are we serving His Majesty and does it really impact our lives? A Human Being is born with rights and freedoms that are intrinsically theirs. No one can take them away and they belong to the human being just because they are. The person in Canada has had these rights and freedoms limited and now they are forced to pay His Majesty for privileges and benefits that she grants to her subjects. The privileges and benefits are way beneath the fundamental rights of a Human being.
uS Chief Justice Marshall’s 1819 description of perpetual succession: A corporation is an artificial being, invisible, intangible and existing only in contemplation of law. Being the mere creature of law, it possesses only those properties which the charter of its creation confers upon it, either expressly or as incident to its very existence. These are such as are supposed best calculated to effect the object for which it was created. Among the most important are immortality, and, if the expression may be allowed, individuality; properties, by which a perpetual succession of many person are considered as the same, and may act as a single individual. They enable a corporation to manage it own affairs, and to hold property, without the perplexing intricacies, the hazardous and endless necessity, of perpetual conveyances for the purpose of transmitting to from hand to hand. It is chiefly for the purpose of clothing bodies of men, in succession, with these qualities and capacities, that corporations were invented, and are in use. By these means, a perpetual succession of individuals are capable of acting for the promotion of the particular object, like one immortal being. i shared an image earlier with evidence of the District of Columbia being a municipality. Civil Law (Black's law 6th) ...more properly called "municipal" law, to distinguish it from the "law of nature," and from International law. ...The system of jurisprudence held and administered in the Roman empire, particularly as set forth in the compilation of Justinian and his successors, -comprising the institutes, Code, Digest, and Novels, and collectively denominated the "Corpus Juris Civilis," -as distinguished from the common law of England and the Canon law. See Code Civil Code Civil The code which embodies the civil laws of France. It was promulgated in 1804. When Napoleon became emperor, the name was changed to "Code Napoleon", by which it is still often designated though it is now officially styled by its original name of "Code Civil". (under code civil) Code de commerce. A French code, enacted in 1807, as a supplement to the Code Napoleon, regulating commercial transactions, the laws of business, bankruptcies, and the jurisdiction and the procedure of the court dealing with these subjects. Code de procedure civil. That part of the Code Napoleon which regulates the system of courts, their organization, civil procedure, special and extraordinary remedies, and the execution of judgements. Code d'instruction criminelle. A French code, enacted in 1808, regulating criminal procedure. Code of Justinian. The Code of Justinian (Codex Justinianeus) was a collection of emperial constitutions, compiled, by order of that emperor, by a commission, and promulgated A.D. 529. It comprised of twelve books, and was the first of the four compilations of law which make up the Corpus Juris Civilis. The name is often met in a connection indicating that the entire Corpus Juris Civilis is intended, or, sometimes, the Digest; but its should be confined to the Codex. Code penal. The penal or criminal code of France, enacted in 1810, See also Criminal law, Penal code Civil law. That body of law which every particular nation, Commonwealth, or city has established peculiarly for itself; more properly called in quotations municipal law, to distinguish it from the “law of nature” and from international law. The system of jurisprudence held and administered in the Roman Empire, particularly as set forth in the compilation of justinian and his successors, comprising the institutes, code, digest, and novels, and collectively denominated the “corpus juris civilis” as distinguished from the common law of England and the Canon law. Black’s law 6th Roman law In general sense, comprehends all the laws which prevailed among the Romans, without regard to the time of there origin, including the collections of Justinian. In a more restricted sense, the Germans understand this term merely the law Justinian, as adopted by them. In England and America, it appears to be customary to use the phrase indifferently with "the civil law", to designate the whole system of Roman jurisprudence, including the Corpus Juris Civilis; or, if any distinction is drawn, the expression "civil law" denotes the system of jurisprudence obtaining in those countries of continental Europe which have derived their juridical notions and principles from the Justinian collection, while "Roman law" is reserved as the proper appellation of the body of law developed under the government of Rome from the earliest times to the fall of the empire. See Civil law If the DIstrict of Columbia has been a registered corporation since 1871, it's considered in law a corporation, and Canada is a sub corporation of the District of Columbia, wouldn't that also classify Canada as a municipal corporation? It also operates under Roman Civil Law also know as Codes
If Canada is a Crown corporation, operating under statutes and administered by appointed executive officers, then yes — in form and function it behaves like a municipal corporation, even if it's not officially called that in Canadian law Access to Information Act R.S.C., 1985, c. A-1government institution means (b) any parent Crown corporation, and any wholly-owned subsidiary of such a corporation, within the meaning of section 83 of the Financial Administration Act; (institution fédérale) one paragraph answer
James Traficant's U.S. Bankruptcy Speech The Bankruptcy of The United States United States Congressional Record, March 17, 1993 Vol. 33, page H-1303 Speaker-Rep. James Traficant, Jr. (Ohio) addressing the House: "Mr. Speaker, we are here now in chapter 11. Members of Congress are official trustees presiding over the greatest reorganization of any Bankrupt entity in world history, the U.S. Government. We are setting forth hopefully, a blueprint for our future. There are some who say it is a coroner’s report that will lead to our demise. It is an established fact that the United States Federal Government has been dissolved by the Emergency Banking Act, March 9, 1933, 48 Stat. 1, Public Law 89-719; declared by President Roosevelt, being bankrupt and insolvent. H.J.R. 192, 73rd Congress m session June 5, 1933 - Joint Resolution To Suspend The Gold Standard and Abrogate The Gold Clause dissolved the Sovereign Authority of the United States and the official capacities of all United States Governmental Offices, Officers, and Departments and is further evidence that the United States Federal Government exists today in name only. The receivers of the United States Bankruptcy are the International Bankers, via the United Nations, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. All United States Offices, Officials, and Departments are now operating within a de facto status in name only under Emergency War Powers. With the Constitutional Republican form of Government now dissolved, the receivers of the Bankruptcy have adopted a new form of government for the United States. This new form of government is known as a Democracy, being an established Socialist/Communist order under a new governor for America. This act was instituted and established by transferring and/or placing the Office of the Secretary of Treasury to that of the Governor of the International Monetary Fund. Public Law 94-564, page 8, Section H.R. 13955 reads in part: "The U.S. Secretary of Treasury receives no compensation for representing the United States." Gold and silver were such a powerful money during the founding of the united states of America, that the founding fathers declared that only gold or silver coins can be "money" in America. Since gold and silver coinage were heavy and inconvenient for a lot of transactions, they were stored in banks and a claim check was issued as a money substitute. People traded their coupons as money, or "currency." Currency is not money, but a money substitute. Redeemable currency must promise to pay a dollar equivalent in gold or silver money. Federal Reserve Notes (FRNs) make no such promises, and are not "money." A Federal Reserve Note is a debt obligation of the federal United States government, not "money." The federal United States government and the U.S. Congress were not and have never been authorized by the Constitution for the united states of America to issue currency of any kind, but only lawful money, gold and silver coin.
-----------------------------------------

this is continued from his speech The Federal Reserve System is based on the Canon law and the principles of sovereignty protected in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. In fact, the international bankers used a "Canon Law Trust" as their model, adding stock and naming it a "Joint Stock Trust." The U.S. Congress had passed a law making it illegal for any legal "person" to duplicate a "Joint Stock Trust" in 1873. The Federal Reserve Act was legislated post-facto (to 1870), although post-facto laws are strictly forbidden by the Constitution. [1:9:3] The Federal Reserve System is a sovereign power structure separate and distinct from the federal United States government. The Federal Reserve is a maritime lender, and/or maritime insurance underwriter to the federal United States operating exclusively under Admiralty/Maritime law. The lender or underwriter bears the risks, and the Maritime law compelling specific performance in paying the interest, or premiums are the same. Assets of the debtor can also be hypothecated (to pledge something as a security without taking possession of it.) as security by the lender or underwriter. The Federal Reserve Act stipulated that the interest on the debt was to be paid in gold. There was no stipulation in the Federal Reserve Act for ever paying the principle
you raised a point i'd like to elaborate on first. We've establish canada as a corporation. Commercial law is defined as applying to corporations, body corporates and trusts. We've also established that Canada is a sub municipality or corporation of the District of Columbia. Now, at the beginning of the Uniform Commercial Code it states that the UCC applies to all 50 states of the District of Columbia and it's territories. Would Canada not be by default a state or territory of the DC
If "Territory" encompasses any thing within the jurisdiction of DC and Canada is found on the SEC within the Jurisdiction of DC, the Canada is a territory of the DC and falls under the UCC like all other commercial entities
Send pics of juristic federal unit 
MUNICIPALITIES HAVE NO POWER OR AUTHORITY ON PRIVATE PROPERTY The legal maxim expressio unius est exclusio alterius means that within a statute or regulation, when one or more things of a class are expressly mentioned, others of the same class are excluded. To say it another way, the inclusion of one thing means the exclusion of everything else. Ontario Municipal Act Regulation 586/06 has specific exclusions of private property. Section 2(4) says “Nothing in this Regulation authorizes a municipality to enter and undertake a work as a local improvement on private property without the permission of the owner or other person having the authority to grant such permission.” Section 36.1 says “In accordance with this Part, a municipality may raise the cost of undertaking works as local improvements on private property by imposing special charges on the lots of consenting property owners upon which all or part of the works are or will be located.“ Notice that the Municipal Corporation needs permission/consent from the private property owner, without which they have no authority. The Ontario Municipal Act itself has specific inclusions of public property owned by the Municipal Corporation and specific exclusions of services/things it does not own. Sections 10(2)4 & 11(2)4 says the Municipal Corporation may pass by-laws respecting “Public assets of the municipality acquired for the purpose of exercising its authority under this or any other Act.” Sections 10(4) & 11(6) says the Municipal Corporation does not have “the power to pass a by-law respecting services or things provided by a person other than the municipality or a municipal service board of the municipality.” Section 8(1) says that the Municipal Corporations scope of power is there so it can “govern its affairs.” The word “its” is a possessive pronoun, meaning you have the power to govern the affairs that belong to the Municipal Corporation only. Notice that you only have authority over public assets that you own, you have no authority over services/things that you are not providing, and your scope of power is for governing your own affairs only. Within the above Act and Regulation, we see that public property is specifically included and private property is specifically excluded from the Municipal Corporations control. Private property is NEVER included anywhere, and therefore the maxim of expressio unius est exclusio alterius applies. The Municipal Corporations power, authority and control is limited only to public property it owns, and not to private property. This maxim can further be confirmed by another section of the Ontario Municipal Act. Section 9 says “(Powers of a natural person) A municipality has the capacity, rights, powers and privileges of a natural person for the purpose of exercising its authority under this or any other Act.” two para answer
The Municipal Corporation cannot give itself more power or authority than what was granted by statute from the Province. And the Province cannot grant power or authority to the Municipal Corporation over something that it does not have to give. Therefore the Municipal Corporation has no power, authority or control over private property it does not own. CASELAW Ontario (Attorney General) v. Rowntree Beach Assn., 1994 CanLII 7228 (ON SC) “Her Majesty the Queen in right of Ontario has no right, title or interest in and to the lands described …“ The Great West Saddlery Company Limited and others v. The King [1921] UKPC 27, [1921] AC 91 (25 February 1921), Privy Council (on appeal from Canada) At page 100 it says “What cannot be done directly cannot be done indirectly.“ R. v. Greenbaum, [1993] 1 SCR 674, 1993 CanLII 166 (SCC) “Municipalities are entirely the creatures of provincial statutes and can therefore exercise only those powers which are explicitly conferred on them by provincial statute. A court should look to the purpose and wording of the provincial enabling legislation when deciding whether or not a municipality has been empowered to pass a certain by-law. The by-laws themselves are to be read to fit within the parameters of the empowering provincial statute where they are susceptible to more than one interpretation. Courts must be vigilant, however, in ensuring that municipalities do not impinge upon the civil or common law rights of citizens in passing ultra vires by-laws.“ Noble v. Township of Brantford 1963, 2 OR 393-401, Ontario High Court of Justice “The first and most obvious limitation is found in the limitations imposed upon the power of the Province itself by the B.N.A. Act. The Province has not itself universal power of legislation, and its creature the municipality can have no higher power.“ Attorney General for British Columbia and Minister of Lands v. Brooks-Bidlake and Whitall Ltd 63 SCR 466 1922 Judge Idington confirms “… the right of an owner to deal with the lands belonging to him or it, as to such owner may seem fit …“
O’Donohue v. Canada, 2003 CanLII 41404 (ON SCCOURT FILE NO.: 01-CV-217147CM DATE: 20030626 “[15] … It is well settled that the Charter cannot be used to amend or trump another part of our constitution …” MUNICIPAL BY-LAWS ARE ULTRA-VIRES ON PRIVATE PROPERTY Municipal by-laws are ultra-vires (of no force or effect) if they conflict with or frustrate the purpose of a provincial or federal Act/regulation or an instrument of legislative nature. From the Ontario Municipal Act we have the following: Section 14(1) says “(Conflict between by-law and statutes, etc.) A by-law is without effect to the extent of any conflict with, (a) a provincial or federal Act or a regulation made under such an Act; or (b) an instrument of a legislative nature, including an order, licence or approval, made or issued under a provincial or federal Act or regulation.” Section 14(2) says “Without restricting the generality of subsection (1), there is a conflict between a by-law of a municipality and an Act, regulation or instrument described in that subsection if the by-law frustrates the purpose of the Act, regulation or instrument.” A municipal by-law cannot frustrate the purpose of a Federal/Provincial statute/law or an instrument of legislative nature, otherwise the by-law is ultra-vires (meaning it is of no force or effect). CONFLICT WITH CROWN LAND PATENT GRANT A Crown Land Patent Grant was the Crown (Federal/Provincial/Municipal government) giving up their right, title and interest in a piece of land to an individual or corporation. It then became private property, no longer under the authority or control or power of the Crown. Most of these grants include the wording “heirs and assigns forever” meaning it can be passed down from generation to generation without the Crown ever being able to interfere with those private property rights again. Since “forever” has not come yet, any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of the Crown Land Patent Grant, making it ultra-vires. CONFLICT WITH COMMON LAW TORT OF INVASION OF PRIVACY In Jones v. Tsige, 2012 ONCA 32, Judge Sharpe of the Ontario Court of Appeal confirms that the Common Law Tort of Invasion of Privacy (Intrusion Upon Seclusion Or Solitude) includes: – one who intentionally intrudes, physically or otherwise, upon the seclusion of another or his private affairs or concerns, and – physical intrusions into private places as well as listening or looking, with or without mechanical aids, into the plaintiff’s private affairs. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of this Common Law Tort, making it ultra-vires.
CONFLICT WITH CRIMINAL CODE OF CANADA Section 72 (Forcible Entry and Detainer) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from entering property where it can lead to a beach of peace. Section 180 (Common Nuisance) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from obstructing a person from exercising or enjoyment of their rights. Section 430 (Mischief) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from obstructing a person from the lawful use, enjoyment or operation of their property. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of these Criminal Code sections, making it ultra-vires. CONFLICT WITH ONTARIO TRESPASS TO PROPERTY ACT Section 3 of the Ontario Trespass to Property Act states that entry on to a premises can be prohibited by notice given orally, in writing or by clearly posted signs. And Section 2 states that any person who enters on the premises without the express permission of the occupier is committing the offence of Trespass. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property would frustrate the purpose of this Act, making it ultra-vires. CASELAW Ontario (Attorney General) v. Rowntree Beach Assn., 1994 CanLII 7228 (ON SC) “Her Majesty the Queen in right of Ontario has no right, title or interest in and to the lands described …” Mercer v. Attorney General of Ontario, 1883, 8 AC 767, Privy Council “… it was insisted, that a line was drawn at the date of the Union, and that the words were not sufficient to reserve any lands afterwards escheated which at the time of the Union were in private hands, and did not then belong to the Crown.” 1960 CANADIAN BILL OF RIGHTS Section 1(a) says “It is hereby recognized and declared that in Canada there have existed and shall continue to exist … the following human rights and fundamental freedoms … the right of the individual to life, liberty, security of the person and enjoyment of property.” Ontario Property and Civil Rights Act “Rule of decision 1. In all matters of controversy relative to property and civil rights, resort shall be had to the laws of England as they stood on the 15th day of October, 1792, as the rule for the decision of the same, and all matters relative to testimony and legal proof in the investigation of fact and the forms thereof in the courts of Ontario shall be regulated by the rules of evidence established in England, as they existed on that day …” Attorney General v. De Keyser’s Royal Hotel, Ltd., May 10, 1920 “Again it appears to me to be almost inconceivable that the Crown should claim the right to do such things as prostrate fences, take possession of the great industrial works mentioned, or cause any buildings to be destroyed, without being bound at law to compensate the owners therefor.” … “This is a fundamental principle, going back at least to Magna Carta,” … “Since Magna Carta the estate of a subject in lands or buildings has been protected against the prerogative of the Crown.”
Cook’s Road Maintenance Assoc. v. Crowhill Estates, 2001 CanLII 24149 (ON CA) “[45] … it is necessary to be mindful of the fact that Cook’s Road is situated on private land. It is privately owned by the appellant. To declare a private road to be a public road will extinguish the property rights of its owner. It is a very serious step, therefore, for a court to declare an individual’s private property to be public property. Property rights are to be respected.” Lynch v St. John’s (City), 2016 NLCA 35 (CanLII) “[63] … Having the property rights flowing from a Crown grant, with virtually unrestricted rights to build and to appropriate and use groundwater, transformed to merely a right to keep the land ‘unused in its natural state,’ results in virtually all of the aggregated incidents of ownership being taken away. All of the reasonable uses of the property were taken away and a compulsory taking, a de facto or constructive expropriation, resulted.” Trustees of Dartmouth College v. Woodward, 4 Wheat. 518 (1819) “If the legislature mean to claim such an authority, it must be reserved in the grant.” William Cooper v . The Honourable Alexander Stuart (Colonial Secretary), from the Supreme Court of New South Wales; delivered 3rd April 1889 “[The Crown’s] prospective wants can only be provided for in two ways, either by reserving from settlement portions of land, which may prove to be useless for the purpose for which they are reserved, or by making grants of land in settlement, retaining the right to resume such parts as may be found necessary for the uses of an increased population.” PROVINCIAL STATUTES/REGULATIONS ARE ULTRA-VIRES ON PRIVATE PROPERTY Looking at the caselaw from the above section, you will notice that these all apply to Provincial Legislation as well. The Crown/Province has no right, title or interest in private property it does not own. Private property does not belong to the Crown/Province. Private property is protected from the prerogative of the Crown/Province. Private property rights are to be respected by the Crown/Province. Any power, authority or control the Crown/Province claims to have over private property must have been reserved in Crown Grant Land Patent. Also the doctrine of federal paramountcy applies to any provincial law that would frustrate the purpose of the federal law, meaning any conflict between Federal and Provincial Legislation renders the Provincial Legislation ultra-vires (of no force or effect). CASELAW Canadian Western Bank v. Alberta, [2007] 2 SCR 3 “To sum up, the onus is on the party relying on the doctrine of federal paramountcy to demonstrate that the federal and provincial laws are in fact incompatible by establishing either that it is impossible to comply with both laws or that to apply the provincial law would frustrate the purpose of the federal law.” Reference re Upper Churchill Water Rights Reversion Act, [1984] 1 SCR 297 “Where, however, the pith and substance of the provincial enactment is the derogation from or elimination of extraprovincial rights then, even if it is cloaked in the proper constitutional form, it will be ultra vires. A colourable attempt to preserve the appearance of constitutionality in order to conceal an unconstitutional objective will not save the legislation.”
Georgian Bluffs (Township) v. Moyer, 2012 ONCA 700, DOCKET: C53734 “[20] The action that ‘should have never occurred’ was an action brought by the Township. The appellant successfully defended himself against the most significant element of the claim advanced by the Township – namely, an order that he remove all objectionable items from his 100-acre property. The appellant also succeeded in having the clean-up costs struck from his property tax bill, in establishing that the Township had trespassed upon his property, and, as we have found, in establishing that the Township had converted chattels he owned.” R. v. Soules, 2011 ONCA 429 (CanLII) par[47] “[47] Use immunity created by a provincial statute cannot extend to proceedings under the Criminal Code, because it would be ultra vires the province to restrict the admissibility of evidence in criminal matters: White, at para. 35. As Iacobucci J. explains further, in para. 72, the purpose of this type of provincial legislation is not to assist the police in the investigation of specific crimes; rather, ‘[t]he provinces are entitled to inquire into factual circumstances that may involve the commission of a criminal offence, but their jurisdiction does not extend so far as to trench upon the federal power under s. 91(27) of the Constitution Act, 1867 over the criminal law.’ ” WHAT IS CONSIDERED “IN” THE MUNICIPALITY The various levels of government are simply corporations, so anything which is “IN” the government must belong to the government as property of that specific corporation. As stated in Mercer case below, privately owned property is not “IN” the province, is not “IN” the federal government, and is not “IN” the municipalities as part of these entities’ administrative property. Judge Gwynne in Mercer v. Attorney General for Ontario, (1881) 5 S.C.R. 538 at page 706 says “the term ‘public lands’ in the province, which is but an equivalent expression to ‘lands belonging to the provinces at the Union’ ” and at page 707 says “the ‘lands’ therefore which are referred to in sec. 109 of the British North America Act can only be construed to mean those ungranted or public lands belonging to the Crown“. For example purposes below, I will use the fictional names of ABC Township, the Corporation of the Township of ABC, and the City of XYZ. This example also applies to Provincial Corporations and Federal Corporations as well as Municipal Corporations. There seems to be a lack of understanding and a lack of distinction between the geographic area we call ABC Township and the Municipal Corporation itself we call the Corporation of the Township of ABC. The staff and council do not get paid from a geographic area. They get paid from a corporation. A geographic area cannot own land or assets. A geographic area cannot own a corporation. A geographic area cannot control or define a corporation. A geographic area cannot pass corporate by-laws. A corporation can own land and other assets, and the land and assets that the corporation owns are considered to be “IN” the corporation. A corporation can own land and physical assets but cannot be defined by a geographic limit or any other kind of physical limit since it is a fictitious entity. When council passes a by-law, it is a corporate by-law and can only affect the corporation and what is “IN” the corporation. The top of every by-law even says “CORPORATION OF THE TOWNSHIP OF ABC” proving that they are specific to the corporation and do not apply to a geographic area that is not owned by that corporation. These corporate by-laws have no authority over geographic areas that are not owned by the corporation. My private property may be within the geographic area we call ABC Township, but my private property is not “IN” the Corporation of the Township of ABC because it is not owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC and therefore its corporate by-laws do not apply to my private property. EXAMPLE: The Corporation of the Township of ABC owns some vehicles. These vehicles are not owned by the geographic area we call ABC Township. When one of those vehicles is used by staff, and driven to a different geographic area (say the City of XYZ), the vehicle is no longer in the geographic area we call the ABC Township, but it is still owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC and is therefore still “IN” the Corporation and is still subject to the by-laws of the Corporation of the Township of ABC. The geographic location of the vehicle is irrelevant, for as long as it is owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC, it is always “IN” the Corporation. The corporate limits of the Corporations authority are irrelevant of geographic location, as they still have authority over anything that is “IN” the Corporation regardless of its geographic location.
LIABILITY OF COUNCIL AND EMPLOYEES I would like to remind you that the Municipal Corporations council, officers, employees and its agents can be held liable for any torts that they commit. Section 448 of Municipal Act says “(Liability for torts) Subsection (1) does not relieve a municipality of liability to which it would otherwise be subject in respect of a tort committed by a member of council or an officer, employee or agent of the municipality or a person acting under the instructions of the officer, employee or agent.“ And here is an excerpt from the Ministry of Municipal Affairs 2014 Municipal Councillor’s Guide on legal considerations on exercising power. THE 2014 MUNICIPAL COUNCILLOR’S GUIDE published by MINISTRY OF MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS AND HOUSING LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS ON EXERCISING POWER Because municipalities are provincial creations, generally they only do what they have been authorized to do by the provincial government. A number of general consequences follow from this: – a provincial government would give a municipality only those powers that it may exercise itself within the Constitution’s division of federal and provincial powers; – generally, a municipal bylaw may not override a conflicting provincial statute. A bylaw that was valid when passed may become invalid if an overriding provincial statute is later put in place; and – if a municipality takes action for which it does not have statutory authority, or that exceeds the limits of its authority, the courts could quash the action as being ‘ultra vires’, that is, beyond the powers of the municipality. CONCLUSION A Municipal Corporation has no power, authority or control over my private property due to the legal maxim expressio unius est exclusio alterius meaning the Ontario Municipal Act specifically grants power, authority and control only to property owned by a Municipal Corporation, and does not grant any power, authority or control over private property. Any Municipal Corporation by-law or Provincial Legislation attempting to directly or indirectly grant power, authority or control over my private property is ultra-vires as it frustrates the purpose of my Crown Land Patent Grant, the Criminal Code of Canada, and the Common Law. Any Municipal Corporation by-law attempting to directly or indirectly grant access to my private property is ultra-vires as it frustrates the purpose of the Ontario Trespass to Property Act. My private property, regardless of its geographic location, is not owned by a Municipal Corporation or by a Provincial Corporation and is therefore not “IN” a Municipal Corporation and is not “IN” a Provincial Corporation and is therefore not subject to any by-laws created by a Municipal Corporation and is also not subject to any Provincial Legislation.
Black's Law, 6 edition. Fraud on court. A scheme to interfere with judicial machinery performing tasks of impartial adjudication, as by preventing opposing party from fairly presenting his case or defence. Finding a fraud on the court is justified only by both aggregates. Misconduct directed to the court itself, such as bribery of a judge or jury to fabrication of evidence by counsel, and must be supported by CLEAR. Unequivocal and convincing evidence.
Fraud. Blacks Law Dictionary. An intentional perversion of the truth for the purpose of inducing another in relation upon it to part with some valuable things belonging to him, or surrender illegal right. A false representation of a matter of fact, whether by words or by conduct. By false or misleading allegations. Or by concealment of that which should have been disclosed. Which deceives an is intended to decieve another, so that he shall act upon it to his legal injury. Anything calculated to deceive, whether by singular act or combination, or by suppression of truth. Or suggestion of what is false, whether it be direct falsehood or. In window, by speech or silence, word of mouth. Or look. Or gesture. 
Black's Law 6 addition fraudulent concealment. The hiding or suppression of a material fact or circumstance which the party is legally or morally bound to disclose. The employment of artifice plan to prevent inquiry or escape investigation and to mislead or hinder the acquisition of information. Disclosing a right of action.
---
Canada the Corporation Let's establish that there are two Canada's. The first is known as the land of Canada and the second it the corporation also known as the juristic unit. Supreme Court of Canada Re: Authority of Parliament in relation to the Upper House, [1980] 1 S.C.R. 54 Date: 1979-12-21 “Further, although s.91(1) gave the Queen the power, with the advice and consent of the Senate and the House of Commons, to alter the “Constitution of Canada'' except in certain expressly designated areas, it does not confer a power to amend the B.N.A. Act. The word “Canada” in s.91(1) does not refer to Canada as a geographical unit but refers to the juristic federal unit. juristic federal unit brings forth or indicates that Canada is an artificial entity the corporate body. juristic person. See artificial person. artificial person. An entity, such as a corporation, created by law and given certain legal rights and duties of a human being; a being, real or imaginary, who for the purpose of legal reasoning is treated more or less as a human being

-------------------------------------
you say that Canada isnt a corporation like walmart. This appears to be false information as canada is registered on the securities exchange commission's website. It's registered as a for profit foreign corporation. just like the supreme court is also a registered corporation
add 3 corp images

-------------------------
The Canada being spoken about and brought forth in the Constitution act of 1867 is a corporate body, and we as inhabitants are being incorporated into this corporation. Since we can clearly see that Canada is a Corporate body we should be able to find subsequent evidence of this fact when Canada and its controlling powers are mentioned within the domestic laws. A Corporation is controlled by executive powers, so we should be able to find the evidence within domestic law that shows us that it is indeed executive powers which control Canada. The King Charles We know him under his title of the King. In fact here in Canada the official title that he is given or designated under is His Majesty, King of Canada and Defender of the Faith, this is his official title. He is designated the Sovereign of Canada and the empire he is part of goes by the designation of he Monarch. You are considered His Subject and servant and you have promised to obey his laws. The Government is being carried on presently on behalf of and in the name of the King. The Constitution Act 1867 article 9- The Executive Government and Authority of and over Canada is hereby declared to continue and be vested in the Queen. According to the laws the Queen (Now King Chuckles) holds the executive power to the corporation Canada. Article 91 - It shall be lawful for the Queen (now King Chuckles), by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate and House of Commons, to make Laws for the Peace, Order, and good Government of Canada. Here we are seeing that the executive powers are continued to be vested in the KING, the KING has the right to create laws (rules and regulations) for the peace and order of this Corporate body designated Canada.

__________________________________
you are bringing up good points that are in line with canada being a corporation and we enter into legal obligations with the state. YOU also said; Legally, we are citizens of a corporate state (Canada), and subject to its laws. A citizen is a class of "person" in law. A creature of statute also known as an artificial person or legal person. Such persons are also defined as being corporations. the following case supports what you said about the legal relationship with the state. "Inasmuch as every government is an artificial person, an abstraction, and a creature of the mind only, a government can interface only with other artificial persons. The imaginary, having neither actuality nor substance, is foreclosed from creating and attaining parity with the tangible. The legal manifestation of this is that no government, as well as any law, agency, aspect, court, etc. can concern itself with anything other than corporate, artificial persons and the contracts between them." Penhallow v. Doane's Administrators 3 U.S. 54; 1 L.Ed. 57; 3 Dall. 54, (1795) you said: By birth or naturalization, individuals enter into a legal relationship with the state — and yes, that relationship functions within a framework of obligations, rights, duties, and benefits. This legal relationship began with the registration of the birth certificate. It created the legal person spelled in all upper case letters known as the corporation.
Incorporate the name written in all upper case corporation
Further to this the King transfers this executive power to the Governor general of Canada. The Governor general carries on the government of Canada on behalf of the QUEEN (now King Charles) and not on behalf of the citizens. Constitution act 1867 article 10 The Provisions of this act referring to the Governor General…..carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the name of the QUEEN (King) It is clear that the Governor general is not acting on our behalf but in the best interest of the Queen The Canada being spoken about and brought forth in the Constitution act of 1867 is a corporate body, and we as inhabitants are being incorporated into this corporation. Since we can clearly see that Canada is a Corporate body we should be able to find subsequent evidence of this fact when Canada and its controlling powers are mentioned within the domestic laws. Constitution act 1867 article 9 The Executive Government and Authority of and over Canada is hereby declared to continue and be vested in the Queen (Now King Chuckles). Constitution act 1867 article 10- The Provisions of this Act referring to the Governor General extend and apply to the Governor General for the Time being of Canada, or other the Chief Executive Officer or Administrator for the Time being carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the Name of the Queen, by whatever Title he is designated Black’s law edition 7- Chief executive officer- A corporation’s highest-ranking administrator who manages the firm day by day and reports to the board of directors We just saw that the Supreme Court declared that Canada is a Corporate body and when we look to the type of power in operation within Canada, we find that it is corporate powers, executive powers. We know that executive powers only operate within a corporation.
OFFICE OF GOVERNOR GENERAL Corporation sole 2. The Governor General of Canada or other chief executive officer or administrator carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the name of the Sovereign, by whatever title designated, is a corporation sole The Governor General is the Chief executive of Canada and he controls what transpires in this corporation on behalf of His Majesty. He also shares this power with the Lieutenant Governors of the provinces. Constitution act 1867 article 14 It shall be lawful for the Queen, if Her Majesty thinks fit, to authorize the Governor General from Time to Time to appoint any Person or any Persons jointly or severally to be his Deputy or Deputies within any Part or Parts of Canada, and in that Capacity to exercise during the Pleasure of the Governor General such of the Powers, Authorities, and Functions of the Governor General as the Governor General deems it necessary or expedient to assign to him or them, subject to any Limitations or Directions expressed or given by the Queen (now king Charles); The Governor General and the lieutenant Governors are operating the executive powers of the Queen (King) for the corporation of Canada.


---------------------------------------------
we were never taught directly what Canada means in law only through assumptions, were we lead to believe that when we said Canada it meant a country, it meant a geographical location. You and I as individuals are being held under an oath of allegiance to the Queen (now King Charles). As a citizen of Canada it is being declared that we have promised to obey the King and His laws. The citizen is rendered a subject and servant of His Majesty and is forced to submit through the oath of allegiance. OATH OR AFFIRMATION OF CITIZENSHIP- I swear (or affirm) that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to His Majesty King Charles, King of Canada, His Heirs and Successors, and that I will faithfully observe the laws of Canada and fulfill my duties as a Canadian citizen. This state party Canada is declaring that you tacitly agreed to be under this oath as a Canadian Citizen and that you have promised to obey the laws that are given royal assent by His Majesty. It is through this mechanism that the representatives of His Majesty (crown) seek to hold you accountable to domestic laws (enactments and regulations). It is declared that you through your oath of allegiance have sworn to obey the laws of Canada and if you fail to obey them this invites punishment. The mechanism of control continues on when we look into the financial administration act. You see every licence or permit that you acquire (which you must pay for) is actually a right or privilege that Her Majesty (now King Chuckles) is Conferring upon you (giving you). Your drivers permit for example you paid the minister of transport a fee and he granted you a permit a licence. He granted you this right and privilege on behalf of Her Majesty. Financial administration act Charges for rights and privileges 19.1 The Governor in Council may, on the recommendation of the Treasury Board,(a) by regulation prescribe the fees or charges to be paid for a right or privilege conferred by or on behalf of Her Majesty in right of Canada, by means of a licence, permit or other authorization, by the persons or classes of persons on whom the right or privilege is conferred; or (b) authorize the appropriate Minister to prescribe by order those fees or charges, subject to such terms and conditions as may be specified by the Governor in Council. What we are seeing is that His Majesty retains the controlling power over Canada, His Ministers are operating on her behalf and for his Betterment. We as citizens are being forced to pay His Majesty for privileges and rights that are naturally ours. This controlling mechanism that is binding up our life is impacting us in many, many ways.
We see here that the district of columbia is a municipality with executive authority. we also see Her Majesty is a registered corporation or legal person. here's corporate canada and ontario's registration
Include Canada the myth and dc municipality and Ontario foreign govenment
The Justice system of Canada has a web page out that explains exactly according to them what a body corporate is. By taking 5 minutes to read their page, you will see that the term Body Corporate is simply another way of saying Corporation. So it is clear that Canada is indeed a corporate body and the government is nothing more then the executive powers who control and run this corporate body. We as men and women have been forced through the enactments and regulations to become part of this corporate body through the action of incorporation. We are made to operate and function as a class of person, as an officer of Canada. The legislators, the ones who make up domestic law have created enactments, statutory powers which force you into the designation of a class of person titled officer of these corporate bodies. These operations of law are the very foundations that the executive powers of Canada use to control and regulate our actions. For instance this operation of law is the mechanism that is being used to force individuals to pay taxation which is better known as a contribution to the economic, social and cultural development of Canada. To force you to operate from the designation of a class of person titled officer of the corporate body Canada limits and abridges your full legal capacity, your fundamental rights and freedoms. As an officer of the corporate body you are now considered a statutory creature and your rights and obligations now flow directly from enactments and regulations. This operation of law affects you in many areas of your life, it limits and abridges your property rights, it limits and abridges your right to decide what you will do with your wealth and resources that you pursue and gain and much more. It is you that gets to decide what designation you will stand under. No one has the right to force you to be part of their society, part of their corporation. The executive powers of McDonalds are not able to come to you and force you to work and be part of their body corporate so why do the executive powers of Canada feel that they can do just that. Why do they think that they can simply limit and abridge your fundamental rights and freedoms in order to force you to function as an officer of the Corporation Canada. give a one paragraph reply to what this brings to our arguments
As your beginning to see Canada is an empire that has been set up for the profit and control of a very few individuals. The system they set up and forced human beings to be apart of in Canada is a system that is against your fundamental rights and freedoms. This empire is using the energy and wealth of individuals like you and I to enrich the few. Through subjecting us to The laws that Her Majesty enacts or enforces we are brought into subject to serve this empire. We serve it through paying taxes, we serve it through paying for privileges and benefits. Many of us are not aware that we do not have to take part of this, we have our fundamental rights and freedoms that protect us from what is transpiring. The government of Canada, the politicians that run the Country are not sitting in their offices on our behalf. Their roles and duties are first and foremost for the protection of the State they created called Canada. The politicians are also under an oath of allegiance to the King. They are her ministers on her behalf. Their jobs are to enforce the rules and laws of this state upon its subjects the Canadian Citizen. The government's primary concern is the empire of the monarch and not the human beings that are located on this territory. Everything in Canada is structured around this Sovereign and belongs to him. We are taught and we hear much about democracy. This democracy is touted as the greatest thing since slice bread. We are however not shown the reality of this system and how it actually functions. We believe based upon what we are told that a democratic society brings equality and promotes a Government of the people for the people. Many support this system of politics in Canada without understanding the true nature or operation for the system itself. In Canada we are designated a person, who is a Canadian citizen a subject and servant of Her Majesty. The logical question that follows is. What capacity are we serving His Majesty and does it really impact our lives? A Human Being is born with rights and freedoms that are intrinsically theirs. No one can take them away and they belong to the human being just because they are. The person in Canada has had these rights and freedoms limited and now they are forced to pay His Majesty for privileges and benefits that she grants to her subjects. The privileges and benefits are way beneath the fundamental rights of a Human being.
uS Chief Justice Marshall’s 1819 description of perpetual succession: A corporation is an artificial being, invisible, intangible and existing only in contemplation of law. Being the mere creature of law, it possesses only those properties which the charter of its creation confers upon it, either expressly or as incident to its very existence. These are such as are supposed best calculated to effect the object for which it was created. Among the most important are immortality, and, if the expression may be allowed, individuality; properties, by which a perpetual succession of many person are considered as the same, and may act as a single individual. They enable a corporation to manage it own affairs, and to hold property, without the perplexing intricacies, the hazardous and endless necessity, of perpetual conveyances for the purpose of transmitting to from hand to hand. It is chiefly for the purpose of clothing bodies of men, in succession, with these qualities and capacities, that corporations were invented, and are in use. By these means, a perpetual succession of individuals are capable of acting for the promotion of the particular object, like one immortal being. i shared an image earlier with evidence of the District of Columbia being a municipality. Civil Law (Black's law 6th) ...more properly called "municipal" law, to distinguish it from the "law of nature," and from International law. ...The system of jurisprudence held and administered in the Roman empire, particularly as set forth in the compilation of Justinian and his successors, -comprising the institutes, Code, Digest, and Novels, and collectively denominated the "Corpus Juris Civilis," -as distinguished from the common law of England and the Canon law. See Code Civil Code Civil The code which embodies the civil laws of France. It was promulgated in 1804. When Napoleon became emperor, the name was changed to "Code Napoleon", by which it is still often designated though it is now officially styled by its original name of "Code Civil". (under code civil) Code de commerce. A French code, enacted in 1807, as a supplement to the Code Napoleon, regulating commercial transactions, the laws of business, bankruptcies, and the jurisdiction and the procedure of the court dealing with these subjects. Code de procedure civil. That part of the Code Napoleon which regulates the system of courts, their organization, civil procedure, special and extraordinary remedies, and the execution of judgements. Code d'instruction criminelle. A French code, enacted in 1808, regulating criminal procedure. Code of Justinian. The Code of Justinian (Codex Justinianeus) was a collection of emperial constitutions, compiled, by order of that emperor, by a commission, and promulgated A.D. 529. It comprised of twelve books, and was the first of the four compilations of law which make up the Corpus Juris Civilis. The name is often met in a connection indicating that the entire Corpus Juris Civilis is intended, or, sometimes, the Digest; but its should be confined to the Codex. Code penal. The penal or criminal code of France, enacted in 1810, See also Criminal law, Penal code Civil law. That body of law which every particular nation, Commonwealth, or city has established peculiarly for itself; more properly called in quotations municipal law, to distinguish it from the “law of nature” and from international law. The system of jurisprudence held and administered in the Roman Empire, particularly as set forth in the compilation of justinian and his successors, comprising the institutes, code, digest, and novels, and collectively denominated the “corpus juris civilis” as distinguished from the common law of England and the Canon law. Black’s law 6th Roman law In general sense, comprehends all the laws which prevailed among the Romans, without regard to the time of there origin, including the collections of Justinian. In a more restricted sense, the Germans understand this term merely the law Justinian, as adopted by them. In England and America, it appears to be customary to use the phrase indifferently with "the civil law", to designate the whole system of Roman jurisprudence, including the Corpus Juris Civilis; or, if any distinction is drawn, the expression "civil law" denotes the system of jurisprudence obtaining in those countries of continental Europe which have derived their juridical notions and principles from the Justinian collection, while "Roman law" is reserved as the proper appellation of the body of law developed under the government of Rome from the earliest times to the fall of the empire. See Civil law If the DIstrict of Columbia has been a registered corporation since 1871, it's considered in law a corporation, and Canada is a sub corporation of the District of Columbia, wouldn't that also classify Canada as a municipal corporation? It also operates under Roman Civil Law also know as Codes
If Canada is a Crown corporation, operating under statutes and administered by appointed executive officers, then yes — in form and function it behaves like a municipal corporation, even if it's not officially called that in Canadian law Access to Information Act R.S.C., 1985, c. A-1government institution means (b) any parent Crown corporation, and any wholly-owned subsidiary of such a corporation, within the meaning of section 83 of the Financial Administration Act; (institution fédérale) one paragraph answer
James Traficant's U.S. Bankruptcy Speech The Bankruptcy of The United States United States Congressional Record, March 17, 1993 Vol. 33, page H-1303 Speaker-Rep. James Traficant, Jr. (Ohio) addressing the House: "Mr. Speaker, we are here now in chapter 11. Members of Congress are official trustees presiding over the greatest reorganization of any Bankrupt entity in world history, the U.S. Government. We are setting forth hopefully, a blueprint for our future. There are some who say it is a coroner’s report that will lead to our demise. It is an established fact that the United States Federal Government has been dissolved by the Emergency Banking Act, March 9, 1933, 48 Stat. 1, Public Law 89-719; declared by President Roosevelt, being bankrupt and insolvent. H.J.R. 192, 73rd Congress m session June 5, 1933 - Joint Resolution To Suspend The Gold Standard and Abrogate The Gold Clause dissolved the Sovereign Authority of the United States and the official capacities of all United States Governmental Offices, Officers, and Departments and is further evidence that the United States Federal Government exists today in name only. The receivers of the United States Bankruptcy are the International Bankers, via the United Nations, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. All United States Offices, Officials, and Departments are now operating within a de facto status in name only under Emergency War Powers. With the Constitutional Republican form of Government now dissolved, the receivers of the Bankruptcy have adopted a new form of government for the United States. This new form of government is known as a Democracy, being an established Socialist/Communist order under a new governor for America. This act was instituted and established by transferring and/or placing the Office of the Secretary of Treasury to that of the Governor of the International Monetary Fund. Public Law 94-564, page 8, Section H.R. 13955 reads in part: "The U.S. Secretary of Treasury receives no compensation for representing the United States." Gold and silver were such a powerful money during the founding of the united states of America, that the founding fathers declared that only gold or silver coins can be "money" in America. Since gold and silver coinage were heavy and inconvenient for a lot of transactions, they were stored in banks and a claim check was issued as a money substitute. People traded their coupons as money, or "currency." Currency is not money, but a money substitute. Redeemable currency must promise to pay a dollar equivalent in gold or silver money. Federal Reserve Notes (FRNs) make no such promises, and are not "money." A Federal Reserve Note is a debt obligation of the federal United States government, not "money." The federal United States government and the U.S. Congress were not and have never been authorized by the Constitution for the united states of America to issue currency of any kind, but only lawful money, gold and silver coin.
-----------------------------------------

this is continued from his speech The Federal Reserve System is based on the Canon law and the principles of sovereignty protected in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. In fact, the international bankers used a "Canon Law Trust" as their model, adding stock and naming it a "Joint Stock Trust." The U.S. Congress had passed a law making it illegal for any legal "person" to duplicate a "Joint Stock Trust" in 1873. The Federal Reserve Act was legislated post-facto (to 1870), although post-facto laws are strictly forbidden by the Constitution. [1:9:3] The Federal Reserve System is a sovereign power structure separate and distinct from the federal United States government. The Federal Reserve is a maritime lender, and/or maritime insurance underwriter to the federal United States operating exclusively under Admiralty/Maritime law. The lender or underwriter bears the risks, and the Maritime law compelling specific performance in paying the interest, or premiums are the same. Assets of the debtor can also be hypothecated (to pledge something as a security without taking possession of it.) as security by the lender or underwriter. The Federal Reserve Act stipulated that the interest on the debt was to be paid in gold. There was no stipulation in the Federal Reserve Act for ever paying the principle
you raised a point i'd like to elaborate on first. We've establish canada as a corporation. Commercial law is defined as applying to corporations, body corporates and trusts. We've also established that Canada is a sub municipality or corporation of the District of Columbia. Now, at the beginning of the Uniform Commercial Code it states that the UCC applies to all 50 states of the District of Columbia and it's territories. Would Canada not be by default a state or territory of the DC
If "Territory" encompasses any thing within the jurisdiction of DC and Canada is found on the SEC within the Jurisdiction of DC, the Canada is a territory of the DC and falls under the UCC like all other commercial entities
Send pics of juristic federal unit 
MUNICIPALITIES HAVE NO POWER OR AUTHORITY ON PRIVATE PROPERTY The legal maxim expressio unius est exclusio alterius means that within a statute or regulation, when one or more things of a class are expressly mentioned, others of the same class are excluded. To say it another way, the inclusion of one thing means the exclusion of everything else. Ontario Municipal Act Regulation 586/06 has specific exclusions of private property. Section 2(4) says “Nothing in this Regulation authorizes a municipality to enter and undertake a work as a local improvement on private property without the permission of the owner or other person having the authority to grant such permission.” Section 36.1 says “In accordance with this Part, a municipality may raise the cost of undertaking works as local improvements on private property by imposing special charges on the lots of consenting property owners upon which all or part of the works are or will be located.“ Notice that the Municipal Corporation needs permission/consent from the private property owner, without which they have no authority. The Ontario Municipal Act itself has specific inclusions of public property owned by the Municipal Corporation and specific exclusions of services/things it does not own. Sections 10(2)4 & 11(2)4 says the Municipal Corporation may pass by-laws respecting “Public assets of the municipality acquired for the purpose of exercising its authority under this or any other Act.” Sections 10(4) & 11(6) says the Municipal Corporation does not have “the power to pass a by-law respecting services or things provided by a person other than the municipality or a municipal service board of the municipality.” Section 8(1) says that the Municipal Corporations scope of power is there so it can “govern its affairs.” The word “its” is a possessive pronoun, meaning you have the power to govern the affairs that belong to the Municipal Corporation only. Notice that you only have authority over public assets that you own, you have no authority over services/things that you are not providing, and your scope of power is for governing your own affairs only. Within the above Act and Regulation, we see that public property is specifically included and private property is specifically excluded from the Municipal Corporations control. Private property is NEVER included anywhere, and therefore the maxim of expressio unius est exclusio alterius applies. The Municipal Corporations power, authority and control is limited only to public property it owns, and not to private property. This maxim can further be confirmed by another section of the Ontario Municipal Act. Section 9 says “(Powers of a natural person) A municipality has the capacity, rights, powers and privileges of a natural person for the purpose of exercising its authority under this or any other Act.” two para answer
The Municipal Corporation cannot give itself more power or authority than what was granted by statute from the Province. And the Province cannot grant power or authority to the Municipal Corporation over something that it does not have to give. Therefore the Municipal Corporation has no power, authority or control over private property it does not own. CASELAW Ontario (Attorney General) v. Rowntree Beach Assn., 1994 CanLII 7228 (ON SC) “Her Majesty the Queen in right of Ontario has no right, title or interest in and to the lands described …“ The Great West Saddlery Company Limited and others v. The King [1921] UKPC 27, [1921] AC 91 (25 February 1921), Privy Council (on appeal from Canada) At page 100 it says “What cannot be done directly cannot be done indirectly.“ R. v. Greenbaum, [1993] 1 SCR 674, 1993 CanLII 166 (SCC) “Municipalities are entirely the creatures of provincial statutes and can therefore exercise only those powers which are explicitly conferred on them by provincial statute. A court should look to the purpose and wording of the provincial enabling legislation when deciding whether or not a municipality has been empowered to pass a certain by-law. The by-laws themselves are to be read to fit within the parameters of the empowering provincial statute where they are susceptible to more than one interpretation. Courts must be vigilant, however, in ensuring that municipalities do not impinge upon the civil or common law rights of citizens in passing ultra vires by-laws.“ Noble v. Township of Brantford 1963, 2 OR 393-401, Ontario High Court of Justice “The first and most obvious limitation is found in the limitations imposed upon the power of the Province itself by the B.N.A. Act. The Province has not itself universal power of legislation, and its creature the municipality can have no higher power.“ Attorney General for British Columbia and Minister of Lands v. Brooks-Bidlake and Whitall Ltd 63 SCR 466 1922 Judge Idington confirms “… the right of an owner to deal with the lands belonging to him or it, as to such owner may seem fit …“
O’Donohue v. Canada, 2003 CanLII 41404 (ON SCCOURT FILE NO.: 01-CV-217147CM DATE: 20030626 “[15] … It is well settled that the Charter cannot be used to amend or trump another part of our constitution …” MUNICIPAL BY-LAWS ARE ULTRA-VIRES ON PRIVATE PROPERTY Municipal by-laws are ultra-vires (of no force or effect) if they conflict with or frustrate the purpose of a provincial or federal Act/regulation or an instrument of legislative nature. From the Ontario Municipal Act we have the following: Section 14(1) says “(Conflict between by-law and statutes, etc.) A by-law is without effect to the extent of any conflict with, (a) a provincial or federal Act or a regulation made under such an Act; or (b) an instrument of a legislative nature, including an order, licence or approval, made or issued under a provincial or federal Act or regulation.” Section 14(2) says “Without restricting the generality of subsection (1), there is a conflict between a by-law of a municipality and an Act, regulation or instrument described in that subsection if the by-law frustrates the purpose of the Act, regulation or instrument.” A municipal by-law cannot frustrate the purpose of a Federal/Provincial statute/law or an instrument of legislative nature, otherwise the by-law is ultra-vires (meaning it is of no force or effect). CONFLICT WITH CROWN LAND PATENT GRANT A Crown Land Patent Grant was the Crown (Federal/Provincial/Municipal government) giving up their right, title and interest in a piece of land to an individual or corporation. It then became private property, no longer under the authority or control or power of the Crown. Most of these grants include the wording “heirs and assigns forever” meaning it can be passed down from generation to generation without the Crown ever being able to interfere with those private property rights again. Since “forever” has not come yet, any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of the Crown Land Patent Grant, making it ultra-vires. CONFLICT WITH COMMON LAW TORT OF INVASION OF PRIVACY In Jones v. Tsige, 2012 ONCA 32, Judge Sharpe of the Ontario Court of Appeal confirms that the Common Law Tort of Invasion of Privacy (Intrusion Upon Seclusion Or Solitude) includes: – one who intentionally intrudes, physically or otherwise, upon the seclusion of another or his private affairs or concerns, and – physical intrusions into private places as well as listening or looking, with or without mechanical aids, into the plaintiff’s private affairs. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of this Common Law Tort, making it ultra-vires.
CONFLICT WITH CRIMINAL CODE OF CANADA Section 72 (Forcible Entry and Detainer) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from entering property where it can lead to a beach of peace. Section 180 (Common Nuisance) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from obstructing a person from exercising or enjoyment of their rights. Section 430 (Mischief) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from obstructing a person from the lawful use, enjoyment or operation of their property. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of these Criminal Code sections, making it ultra-vires. CONFLICT WITH ONTARIO TRESPASS TO PROPERTY ACT Section 3 of the Ontario Trespass to Property Act states that entry on to a premises can be prohibited by notice given orally, in writing or by clearly posted signs. And Section 2 states that any person who enters on the premises without the express permission of the occupier is committing the offence of Trespass. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property would frustrate the purpose of this Act, making it ultra-vires. CASELAW Ontario (Attorney General) v. Rowntree Beach Assn., 1994 CanLII 7228 (ON SC) “Her Majesty the Queen in right of Ontario has no right, title or interest in and to the lands described …” Mercer v. Attorney General of Ontario, 1883, 8 AC 767, Privy Council “… it was insisted, that a line was drawn at the date of the Union, and that the words were not sufficient to reserve any lands afterwards escheated which at the time of the Union were in private hands, and did not then belong to the Crown.” 1960 CANADIAN BILL OF RIGHTS Section 1(a) says “It is hereby recognized and declared that in Canada there have existed and shall continue to exist … the following human rights and fundamental freedoms … the right of the individual to life, liberty, security of the person and enjoyment of property.” Ontario Property and Civil Rights Act “Rule of decision 1. In all matters of controversy relative to property and civil rights, resort shall be had to the laws of England as they stood on the 15th day of October, 1792, as the rule for the decision of the same, and all matters relative to testimony and legal proof in the investigation of fact and the forms thereof in the courts of Ontario shall be regulated by the rules of evidence established in England, as they existed on that day …” Attorney General v. De Keyser’s Royal Hotel, Ltd., May 10, 1920 “Again it appears to me to be almost inconceivable that the Crown should claim the right to do such things as prostrate fences, take possession of the great industrial works mentioned, or cause any buildings to be destroyed, without being bound at law to compensate the owners therefor.” … “This is a fundamental principle, going back at least to Magna Carta,” … “Since Magna Carta the estate of a subject in lands or buildings has been protected against the prerogative of the Crown.”
Cook’s Road Maintenance Assoc. v. Crowhill Estates, 2001 CanLII 24149 (ON CA) “[45] … it is necessary to be mindful of the fact that Cook’s Road is situated on private land. It is privately owned by the appellant. To declare a private road to be a public road will extinguish the property rights of its owner. It is a very serious step, therefore, for a court to declare an individual’s private property to be public property. Property rights are to be respected.” Lynch v St. John’s (City), 2016 NLCA 35 (CanLII) “[63] … Having the property rights flowing from a Crown grant, with virtually unrestricted rights to build and to appropriate and use groundwater, transformed to merely a right to keep the land ‘unused in its natural state,’ results in virtually all of the aggregated incidents of ownership being taken away. All of the reasonable uses of the property were taken away and a compulsory taking, a de facto or constructive expropriation, resulted.” Trustees of Dartmouth College v. Woodward, 4 Wheat. 518 (1819) “If the legislature mean to claim such an authority, it must be reserved in the grant.” William Cooper v . The Honourable Alexander Stuart (Colonial Secretary), from the Supreme Court of New South Wales; delivered 3rd April 1889 “[The Crown’s] prospective wants can only be provided for in two ways, either by reserving from settlement portions of land, which may prove to be useless for the purpose for which they are reserved, or by making grants of land in settlement, retaining the right to resume such parts as may be found necessary for the uses of an increased population.” PROVINCIAL STATUTES/REGULATIONS ARE ULTRA-VIRES ON PRIVATE PROPERTY Looking at the caselaw from the above section, you will notice that these all apply to Provincial Legislation as well. The Crown/Province has no right, title or interest in private property it does not own. Private property does not belong to the Crown/Province. Private property is protected from the prerogative of the Crown/Province. Private property rights are to be respected by the Crown/Province. Any power, authority or control the Crown/Province claims to have over private property must have been reserved in Crown Grant Land Patent. Also the doctrine of federal paramountcy applies to any provincial law that would frustrate the purpose of the federal law, meaning any conflict between Federal and Provincial Legislation renders the Provincial Legislation ultra-vires (of no force or effect). CASELAW Canadian Western Bank v. Alberta, [2007] 2 SCR 3 “To sum up, the onus is on the party relying on the doctrine of federal paramountcy to demonstrate that the federal and provincial laws are in fact incompatible by establishing either that it is impossible to comply with both laws or that to apply the provincial law would frustrate the purpose of the federal law.” Reference re Upper Churchill Water Rights Reversion Act, [1984] 1 SCR 297 “Where, however, the pith and substance of the provincial enactment is the derogation from or elimination of extraprovincial rights then, even if it is cloaked in the proper constitutional form, it will be ultra vires. A colourable attempt to preserve the appearance of constitutionality in order to conceal an unconstitutional objective will not save the legislation.”
Georgian Bluffs (Township) v. Moyer, 2012 ONCA 700, DOCKET: C53734 “[20] The action that ‘should have never occurred’ was an action brought by the Township. The appellant successfully defended himself against the most significant element of the claim advanced by the Township – namely, an order that he remove all objectionable items from his 100-acre property. The appellant also succeeded in having the clean-up costs struck from his property tax bill, in establishing that the Township had trespassed upon his property, and, as we have found, in establishing that the Township had converted chattels he owned.” R. v. Soules, 2011 ONCA 429 (CanLII) par[47] “[47] Use immunity created by a provincial statute cannot extend to proceedings under the Criminal Code, because it would be ultra vires the province to restrict the admissibility of evidence in criminal matters: White, at para. 35. As Iacobucci J. explains further, in para. 72, the purpose of this type of provincial legislation is not to assist the police in the investigation of specific crimes; rather, ‘[t]he provinces are entitled to inquire into factual circumstances that may involve the commission of a criminal offence, but their jurisdiction does not extend so far as to trench upon the federal power under s. 91(27) of the Constitution Act, 1867 over the criminal law.’ ” WHAT IS CONSIDERED “IN” THE MUNICIPALITY The various levels of government are simply corporations, so anything which is “IN” the government must belong to the government as property of that specific corporation. As stated in Mercer case below, privately owned property is not “IN” the province, is not “IN” the federal government, and is not “IN” the municipalities as part of these entities’ administrative property. Judge Gwynne in Mercer v. Attorney General for Ontario, (1881) 5 S.C.R. 538 at page 706 says “the term ‘public lands’ in the province, which is but an equivalent expression to ‘lands belonging to the provinces at the Union’ ” and at page 707 says “the ‘lands’ therefore which are referred to in sec. 109 of the British North America Act can only be construed to mean those ungranted or public lands belonging to the Crown“. For example purposes below, I will use the fictional names of ABC Township, the Corporation of the Township of ABC, and the City of XYZ. This example also applies to Provincial Corporations and Federal Corporations as well as Municipal Corporations. There seems to be a lack of understanding and a lack of distinction between the geographic area we call ABC Township and the Municipal Corporation itself we call the Corporation of the Township of ABC. The staff and council do not get paid from a geographic area. They get paid from a corporation. A geographic area cannot own land or assets. A geographic area cannot own a corporation. A geographic area cannot control or define a corporation. A geographic area cannot pass corporate by-laws. A corporation can own land and other assets, and the land and assets that the corporation owns are considered to be “IN” the corporation. A corporation can own land and physical assets but cannot be defined by a geographic limit or any other kind of physical limit since it is a fictitious entity. When council passes a by-law, it is a corporate by-law and can only affect the corporation and what is “IN” the corporation. The top of every by-law even says “CORPORATION OF THE TOWNSHIP OF ABC” proving that they are specific to the corporation and do not apply to a geographic area that is not owned by that corporation. These corporate by-laws have no authority over geographic areas that are not owned by the corporation. My private property may be within the geographic area we call ABC Township, but my private property is not “IN” the Corporation of the Township of ABC because it is not owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC and therefore its corporate by-laws do not apply to my private property. EXAMPLE: The Corporation of the Township of ABC owns some vehicles. These vehicles are not owned by the geographic area we call ABC Township. When one of those vehicles is used by staff, and driven to a different geographic area (say the City of XYZ), the vehicle is no longer in the geographic area we call the ABC Township, but it is still owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC and is therefore still “IN” the Corporation and is still subject to the by-laws of the Corporation of the Township of ABC. The geographic location of the vehicle is irrelevant, for as long as it is owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC, it is always “IN” the Corporation. The corporate limits of the Corporations authority are irrelevant of geographic location, as they still have authority over anything that is “IN” the Corporation regardless of its geographic location.
LIABILITY OF COUNCIL AND EMPLOYEES I would like to remind you that the Municipal Corporations council, officers, employees and its agents can be held liable for any torts that they commit. Section 448 of Municipal Act says “(Liability for torts) Subsection (1) does not relieve a municipality of liability to which it would otherwise be subject in respect of a tort committed by a member of council or an officer, employee or agent of the municipality or a person acting under the instructions of the officer, employee or agent.“ And here is an excerpt from the Ministry of Municipal Affairs 2014 Municipal Councillor’s Guide on legal considerations on exercising power. THE 2014 MUNICIPAL COUNCILLOR’S GUIDE published by MINISTRY OF MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS AND HOUSING LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS ON EXERCISING POWER Because municipalities are provincial creations, generally they only do what they have been authorized to do by the provincial government. A number of general consequences follow from this: – a provincial government would give a municipality only those powers that it may exercise itself within the Constitution’s division of federal and provincial powers; – generally, a municipal bylaw may not override a conflicting provincial statute. A bylaw that was valid when passed may become invalid if an overriding provincial statute is later put in place; and – if a municipality takes action for which it does not have statutory authority, or that exceeds the limits of its authority, the courts could quash the action as being ‘ultra vires’, that is, beyond the powers of the municipality. CONCLUSION A Municipal Corporation has no power, authority or control over my private property due to the legal maxim expressio unius est exclusio alterius meaning the Ontario Municipal Act specifically grants power, authority and control only to property owned by a Municipal Corporation, and does not grant any power, authority or control over private property. Any Municipal Corporation by-law or Provincial Legislation attempting to directly or indirectly grant power, authority or control over my private property is ultra-vires as it frustrates the purpose of my Crown Land Patent Grant, the Criminal Code of Canada, and the Common Law. Any Municipal Corporation by-law attempting to directly or indirectly grant access to my private property is ultra-vires as it frustrates the purpose of the Ontario Trespass to Property Act. My private property, regardless of its geographic location, is not owned by a Municipal Corporation or by a Provincial Corporation and is therefore not “IN” a Municipal Corporation and is not “IN” a Provincial Corporation and is therefore not subject to any by-laws created by a Municipal Corporation and is also not subject to any Provincial Legislation.
Black's Law, 6 edition. Fraud on court. A scheme to interfere with judicial machinery performing tasks of impartial adjudication, as by preventing opposing party from fairly presenting his case or defence. Finding a fraud on the court is justified only by both aggregates. Misconduct directed to the court itself, such as bribery of a judge or jury to fabrication of evidence by counsel, and must be supported by CLEAR. Unequivocal and convincing evidence.
Fraud. Blacks Law Dictionary. An intentional perversion of the truth for the purpose of inducing another in relation upon it to part with some valuable things belonging to him, or surrender illegal right. A false representation of a matter of fact, whether by words or by conduct. By false or misleading allegations. Or by concealment of that which should have been disclosed. Which deceives an is intended to decieve another, so that he shall act upon it to his legal injury. Anything calculated to deceive, whether by singular act or combination, or by suppression of truth. Or suggestion of what is false, whether it be direct falsehood or. In window, by speech or silence, word of mouth. Or look. Or gesture. 
Black's Law 6 addition fraudulent concealment. The hiding or suppression of a material fact or circumstance which the party is legally or morally bound to disclose. The employment of artifice plan to prevent inquiry or escape investigation and to mislead or hinder the acquisition of information. Disclosing a right of action.
---
Canada the Corporation Let's establish that there are two Canada's. The first is known as the land of Canada and the second it the corporation also known as the juristic unit. Supreme Court of Canada Re: Authority of Parliament in relation to the Upper House, [1980] 1 S.C.R. 54 Date: 1979-12-21 “Further, although s.91(1) gave the Queen the power, with the advice and consent of the Senate and the House of Commons, to alter the “Constitution of Canada'' except in certain expressly designated areas, it does not confer a power to amend the B.N.A. Act. The word “Canada” in s.91(1) does not refer to Canada as a geographical unit but refers to the juristic federal unit. juristic federal unit brings forth or indicates that Canada is an artificial entity the corporate body. juristic person. See artificial person. artificial person. An entity, such as a corporation, created by law and given certain legal rights and duties of a human being; a being, real or imaginary, who for the purpose of legal reasoning is treated more or less as a human being

-------------------------------------
you say that Canada isnt a corporation like walmart. This appears to be false information as canada is registered on the securities exchange commission's website. It's registered as a for profit foreign corporation. just like the supreme court is also a registered corporation
add 3 corp images

-------------------------
The Canada being spoken about and brought forth in the Constitution act of 1867 is a corporate body, and we as inhabitants are being incorporated into this corporation. Since we can clearly see that Canada is a Corporate body we should be able to find subsequent evidence of this fact when Canada and its controlling powers are mentioned within the domestic laws. A Corporation is controlled by executive powers, so we should be able to find the evidence within domestic law that shows us that it is indeed executive powers which control Canada. The King Charles We know him under his title of the King. In fact here in Canada the official title that he is given or designated under is His Majesty, King of Canada and Defender of the Faith, this is his official title. He is designated the Sovereign of Canada and the empire he is part of goes by the designation of he Monarch. You are considered His Subject and servant and you have promised to obey his laws. The Government is being carried on presently on behalf of and in the name of the King. The Constitution Act 1867 article 9- The Executive Government and Authority of and over Canada is hereby declared to continue and be vested in the Queen. According to the laws the Queen (Now King Chuckles) holds the executive power to the corporation Canada. Article 91 - It shall be lawful for the Queen (now King Chuckles), by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate and House of Commons, to make Laws for the Peace, Order, and good Government of Canada. Here we are seeing that the executive powers are continued to be vested in the KING, the KING has the right to create laws (rules and regulations) for the peace and order of this Corporate body designated Canada.

__________________________________
you are bringing up good points that are in line with canada being a corporation and we enter into legal obligations with the state. YOU also said; Legally, we are citizens of a corporate state (Canada), and subject to its laws. A citizen is a class of "person" in law. A creature of statute also known as an artificial person or legal person. Such persons are also defined as being corporations. the following case supports what you said about the legal relationship with the state. "Inasmuch as every government is an artificial person, an abstraction, and a creature of the mind only, a government can interface only with other artificial persons. The imaginary, having neither actuality nor substance, is foreclosed from creating and attaining parity with the tangible. The legal manifestation of this is that no government, as well as any law, agency, aspect, court, etc. can concern itself with anything other than corporate, artificial persons and the contracts between them." Penhallow v. Doane's Administrators 3 U.S. 54; 1 L.Ed. 57; 3 Dall. 54, (1795) you said: By birth or naturalization, individuals enter into a legal relationship with the state — and yes, that relationship functions within a framework of obligations, rights, duties, and benefits. This legal relationship began with the registration of the birth certificate. It created the legal person spelled in all upper case letters known as the corporation.
Incorporate the name written in all upper case corporation
Further to this the King transfers this executive power to the Governor general of Canada. The Governor general carries on the government of Canada on behalf of the QUEEN (now King Charles) and not on behalf of the citizens. Constitution act 1867 article 10 The Provisions of this act referring to the Governor General…..carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the name of the QUEEN (King) It is clear that the Governor general is not acting on our behalf but in the best interest of the Queen The Canada being spoken about and brought forth in the Constitution act of 1867 is a corporate body, and we as inhabitants are being incorporated into this corporation. Since we can clearly see that Canada is a Corporate body we should be able to find subsequent evidence of this fact when Canada and its controlling powers are mentioned within the domestic laws. Constitution act 1867 article 9 The Executive Government and Authority of and over Canada is hereby declared to continue and be vested in the Queen (Now King Chuckles). Constitution act 1867 article 10- The Provisions of this Act referring to the Governor General extend and apply to the Governor General for the Time being of Canada, or other the Chief Executive Officer or Administrator for the Time being carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the Name of the Queen, by whatever Title he is designated Black’s law edition 7- Chief executive officer- A corporation’s highest-ranking administrator who manages the firm day by day and reports to the board of directors We just saw that the Supreme Court declared that Canada is a Corporate body and when we look to the type of power in operation within Canada, we find that it is corporate powers, executive powers. We know that executive powers only operate within a corporation.
OFFICE OF GOVERNOR GENERAL Corporation sole 2. The Governor General of Canada or other chief executive officer or administrator carrying on the Government of Canada on behalf and in the name of the Sovereign, by whatever title designated, is a corporation sole The Governor General is the Chief executive of Canada and he controls what transpires in this corporation on behalf of His Majesty. He also shares this power with the Lieutenant Governors of the provinces. Constitution act 1867 article 14 It shall be lawful for the Queen, if Her Majesty thinks fit, to authorize the Governor General from Time to Time to appoint any Person or any Persons jointly or severally to be his Deputy or Deputies within any Part or Parts of Canada, and in that Capacity to exercise during the Pleasure of the Governor General such of the Powers, Authorities, and Functions of the Governor General as the Governor General deems it necessary or expedient to assign to him or them, subject to any Limitations or Directions expressed or given by the Queen (now king Charles); The Governor General and the lieutenant Governors are operating the executive powers of the Queen (King) for the corporation of Canada.


---------------------------------------------
we were never taught directly what Canada means in law only through assumptions, were we lead to believe that when we said Canada it meant a country, it meant a geographical location. You and I as individuals are being held under an oath of allegiance to the Queen (now King Charles). As a citizen of Canada it is being declared that we have promised to obey the King and His laws. The citizen is rendered a subject and servant of His Majesty and is forced to submit through the oath of allegiance. OATH OR AFFIRMATION OF CITIZENSHIP- I swear (or affirm) that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to His Majesty King Charles, King of Canada, His Heirs and Successors, and that I will faithfully observe the laws of Canada and fulfill my duties as a Canadian citizen. This state party Canada is declaring that you tacitly agreed to be under this oath as a Canadian Citizen and that you have promised to obey the laws that are given royal assent by His Majesty. It is through this mechanism that the representatives of His Majesty (crown) seek to hold you accountable to domestic laws (enactments and regulations). It is declared that you through your oath of allegiance have sworn to obey the laws of Canada and if you fail to obey them this invites punishment. The mechanism of control continues on when we look into the financial administration act. You see every licence or permit that you acquire (which you must pay for) is actually a right or privilege that Her Majesty (now King Chuckles) is Conferring upon you (giving you). Your drivers permit for example you paid the minister of transport a fee and he granted you a permit a licence. He granted you this right and privilege on behalf of Her Majesty. Financial administration act Charges for rights and privileges 19.1 The Governor in Council may, on the recommendation of the Treasury Board,(a) by regulation prescribe the fees or charges to be paid for a right or privilege conferred by or on behalf of Her Majesty in right of Canada, by means of a licence, permit or other authorization, by the persons or classes of persons on whom the right or privilege is conferred; or (b) authorize the appropriate Minister to prescribe by order those fees or charges, subject to such terms and conditions as may be specified by the Governor in Council. What we are seeing is that His Majesty retains the controlling power over Canada, His Ministers are operating on her behalf and for his Betterment. We as citizens are being forced to pay His Majesty for privileges and rights that are naturally ours. This controlling mechanism that is binding up our life is impacting us in many, many ways.
We see here that the district of columbia is a municipality with executive authority. we also see Her Majesty is a registered corporation or legal person. here's corporate canada and ontario's registration
Include Canada the myth and dc municipality and Ontario foreign govenment
The Justice system of Canada has a web page out that explains exactly according to them what a body corporate is. By taking 5 minutes to read their page, you will see that the term Body Corporate is simply another way of saying Corporation. So it is clear that Canada is indeed a corporate body and the government is nothing more then the executive powers who control and run this corporate body. We as men and women have been forced through the enactments and regulations to become part of this corporate body through the action of incorporation. We are made to operate and function as a class of person, as an officer of Canada. The legislators, the ones who make up domestic law have created enactments, statutory powers which force you into the designation of a class of person titled officer of these corporate bodies. These operations of law are the very foundations that the executive powers of Canada use to control and regulate our actions. For instance this operation of law is the mechanism that is being used to force individuals to pay taxation which is better known as a contribution to the economic, social and cultural development of Canada. To force you to operate from the designation of a class of person titled officer of the corporate body Canada limits and abridges your full legal capacity, your fundamental rights and freedoms. As an officer of the corporate body you are now considered a statutory creature and your rights and obligations now flow directly from enactments and regulations. This operation of law affects you in many areas of your life, it limits and abridges your property rights, it limits and abridges your right to decide what you will do with your wealth and resources that you pursue and gain and much more. It is you that gets to decide what designation you will stand under. No one has the right to force you to be part of their society, part of their corporation. The executive powers of McDonalds are not able to come to you and force you to work and be part of their body corporate so why do the executive powers of Canada feel that they can do just that. Why do they think that they can simply limit and abridge your fundamental rights and freedoms in order to force you to function as an officer of the Corporation Canada. give a one paragraph reply to what this brings to our arguments
As your beginning to see Canada is an empire that has been set up for the profit and control of a very few individuals. The system they set up and forced human beings to be apart of in Canada is a system that is against your fundamental rights and freedoms. This empire is using the energy and wealth of individuals like you and I to enrich the few. Through subjecting us to The laws that Her Majesty enacts or enforces we are brought into subject to serve this empire. We serve it through paying taxes, we serve it through paying for privileges and benefits. Many of us are not aware that we do not have to take part of this, we have our fundamental rights and freedoms that protect us from what is transpiring. The government of Canada, the politicians that run the Country are not sitting in their offices on our behalf. Their roles and duties are first and foremost for the protection of the State they created called Canada. The politicians are also under an oath of allegiance to the King. They are her ministers on her behalf. Their jobs are to enforce the rules and laws of this state upon its subjects the Canadian Citizen. The government's primary concern is the empire of the monarch and not the human beings that are located on this territory. Everything in Canada is structured around this Sovereign and belongs to him. We are taught and we hear much about democracy. This democracy is touted as the greatest thing since slice bread. We are however not shown the reality of this system and how it actually functions. We believe based upon what we are told that a democratic society brings equality and promotes a Government of the people for the people. Many support this system of politics in Canada without understanding the true nature or operation for the system itself. In Canada we are designated a person, who is a Canadian citizen a subject and servant of Her Majesty. The logical question that follows is. What capacity are we serving His Majesty and does it really impact our lives? A Human Being is born with rights and freedoms that are intrinsically theirs. No one can take them away and they belong to the human being just because they are. The person in Canada has had these rights and freedoms limited and now they are forced to pay His Majesty for privileges and benefits that she grants to her subjects. The privileges and benefits are way beneath the fundamental rights of a Human being.
uS Chief Justice Marshall’s 1819 description of perpetual succession: A corporation is an artificial being, invisible, intangible and existing only in contemplation of law. Being the mere creature of law, it possesses only those properties which the charter of its creation confers upon it, either expressly or as incident to its very existence. These are such as are supposed best calculated to effect the object for which it was created. Among the most important are immortality, and, if the expression may be allowed, individuality; properties, by which a perpetual succession of many person are considered as the same, and may act as a single individual. They enable a corporation to manage it own affairs, and to hold property, without the perplexing intricacies, the hazardous and endless necessity, of perpetual conveyances for the purpose of transmitting to from hand to hand. It is chiefly for the purpose of clothing bodies of men, in succession, with these qualities and capacities, that corporations were invented, and are in use. By these means, a perpetual succession of individuals are capable of acting for the promotion of the particular object, like one immortal being. i shared an image earlier with evidence of the District of Columbia being a municipality. Civil Law (Black's law 6th) ...more properly called "municipal" law, to distinguish it from the "law of nature," and from International law. ...The system of jurisprudence held and administered in the Roman empire, particularly as set forth in the compilation of Justinian and his successors, -comprising the institutes, Code, Digest, and Novels, and collectively denominated the "Corpus Juris Civilis," -as distinguished from the common law of England and the Canon law. See Code Civil Code Civil The code which embodies the civil laws of France. It was promulgated in 1804. When Napoleon became emperor, the name was changed to "Code Napoleon", by which it is still often designated though it is now officially styled by its original name of "Code Civil". (under code civil) Code de commerce. A French code, enacted in 1807, as a supplement to the Code Napoleon, regulating commercial transactions, the laws of business, bankruptcies, and the jurisdiction and the procedure of the court dealing with these subjects. Code de procedure civil. That part of the Code Napoleon which regulates the system of courts, their organization, civil procedure, special and extraordinary remedies, and the execution of judgements. Code d'instruction criminelle. A French code, enacted in 1808, regulating criminal procedure. Code of Justinian. The Code of Justinian (Codex Justinianeus) was a collection of emperial constitutions, compiled, by order of that emperor, by a commission, and promulgated A.D. 529. It comprised of twelve books, and was the first of the four compilations of law which make up the Corpus Juris Civilis. The name is often met in a connection indicating that the entire Corpus Juris Civilis is intended, or, sometimes, the Digest; but its should be confined to the Codex. Code penal. The penal or criminal code of France, enacted in 1810, See also Criminal law, Penal code Civil law. That body of law which every particular nation, Commonwealth, or city has established peculiarly for itself; more properly called in quotations municipal law, to distinguish it from the “law of nature” and from international law. The system of jurisprudence held and administered in the Roman Empire, particularly as set forth in the compilation of justinian and his successors, comprising the institutes, code, digest, and novels, and collectively denominated the “corpus juris civilis” as distinguished from the common law of England and the Canon law. Black’s law 6th Roman law In general sense, comprehends all the laws which prevailed among the Romans, without regard to the time of there origin, including the collections of Justinian. In a more restricted sense, the Germans understand this term merely the law Justinian, as adopted by them. In England and America, it appears to be customary to use the phrase indifferently with "the civil law", to designate the whole system of Roman jurisprudence, including the Corpus Juris Civilis; or, if any distinction is drawn, the expression "civil law" denotes the system of jurisprudence obtaining in those countries of continental Europe which have derived their juridical notions and principles from the Justinian collection, while "Roman law" is reserved as the proper appellation of the body of law developed under the government of Rome from the earliest times to the fall of the empire. See Civil law If the DIstrict of Columbia has been a registered corporation since 1871, it's considered in law a corporation, and Canada is a sub corporation of the District of Columbia, wouldn't that also classify Canada as a municipal corporation? It also operates under Roman Civil Law also know as Codes
If Canada is a Crown corporation, operating under statutes and administered by appointed executive officers, then yes — in form and function it behaves like a municipal corporation, even if it's not officially called that in Canadian law Access to Information Act R.S.C., 1985, c. A-1government institution means (b) any parent Crown corporation, and any wholly-owned subsidiary of such a corporation, within the meaning of section 83 of the Financial Administration Act; (institution fédérale) one paragraph answer
James Traficant's U.S. Bankruptcy Speech The Bankruptcy of The United States United States Congressional Record, March 17, 1993 Vol. 33, page H-1303 Speaker-Rep. James Traficant, Jr. (Ohio) addressing the House: "Mr. Speaker, we are here now in chapter 11. Members of Congress are official trustees presiding over the greatest reorganization of any Bankrupt entity in world history, the U.S. Government. We are setting forth hopefully, a blueprint for our future. There are some who say it is a coroner’s report that will lead to our demise. It is an established fact that the United States Federal Government has been dissolved by the Emergency Banking Act, March 9, 1933, 48 Stat. 1, Public Law 89-719; declared by President Roosevelt, being bankrupt and insolvent. H.J.R. 192, 73rd Congress m session June 5, 1933 - Joint Resolution To Suspend The Gold Standard and Abrogate The Gold Clause dissolved the Sovereign Authority of the United States and the official capacities of all United States Governmental Offices, Officers, and Departments and is further evidence that the United States Federal Government exists today in name only. The receivers of the United States Bankruptcy are the International Bankers, via the United Nations, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. All United States Offices, Officials, and Departments are now operating within a de facto status in name only under Emergency War Powers. With the Constitutional Republican form of Government now dissolved, the receivers of the Bankruptcy have adopted a new form of government for the United States. This new form of government is known as a Democracy, being an established Socialist/Communist order under a new governor for America. This act was instituted and established by transferring and/or placing the Office of the Secretary of Treasury to that of the Governor of the International Monetary Fund. Public Law 94-564, page 8, Section H.R. 13955 reads in part: "The U.S. Secretary of Treasury receives no compensation for representing the United States." Gold and silver were such a powerful money during the founding of the united states of America, that the founding fathers declared that only gold or silver coins can be "money" in America. Since gold and silver coinage were heavy and inconvenient for a lot of transactions, they were stored in banks and a claim check was issued as a money substitute. People traded their coupons as money, or "currency." Currency is not money, but a money substitute. Redeemable currency must promise to pay a dollar equivalent in gold or silver money. Federal Reserve Notes (FRNs) make no such promises, and are not "money." A Federal Reserve Note is a debt obligation of the federal United States government, not "money." The federal United States government and the U.S. Congress were not and have never been authorized by the Constitution for the united states of America to issue currency of any kind, but only lawful money, gold and silver coin.
-----------------------------------------

this is continued from his speech The Federal Reserve System is based on the Canon law and the principles of sovereignty protected in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. In fact, the international bankers used a "Canon Law Trust" as their model, adding stock and naming it a "Joint Stock Trust." The U.S. Congress had passed a law making it illegal for any legal "person" to duplicate a "Joint Stock Trust" in 1873. The Federal Reserve Act was legislated post-facto (to 1870), although post-facto laws are strictly forbidden by the Constitution. [1:9:3] The Federal Reserve System is a sovereign power structure separate and distinct from the federal United States government. The Federal Reserve is a maritime lender, and/or maritime insurance underwriter to the federal United States operating exclusively under Admiralty/Maritime law. The lender or underwriter bears the risks, and the Maritime law compelling specific performance in paying the interest, or premiums are the same. Assets of the debtor can also be hypothecated (to pledge something as a security without taking possession of it.) as security by the lender or underwriter. The Federal Reserve Act stipulated that the interest on the debt was to be paid in gold. There was no stipulation in the Federal Reserve Act for ever paying the principle
you raised a point i'd like to elaborate on first. We've establish canada as a corporation. Commercial law is defined as applying to corporations, body corporates and trusts. We've also established that Canada is a sub municipality or corporation of the District of Columbia. Now, at the beginning of the Uniform Commercial Code it states that the UCC applies to all 50 states of the District of Columbia and it's territories. Would Canada not be by default a state or territory of the DC
If "Territory" encompasses any thing within the jurisdiction of DC and Canada is found on the SEC within the Jurisdiction of DC, the Canada is a territory of the DC and falls under the UCC like all other commercial entities
Send pics of juristic federal unit 
MUNICIPALITIES HAVE NO POWER OR AUTHORITY ON PRIVATE PROPERTY The legal maxim expressio unius est exclusio alterius means that within a statute or regulation, when one or more things of a class are expressly mentioned, others of the same class are excluded. To say it another way, the inclusion of one thing means the exclusion of everything else. Ontario Municipal Act Regulation 586/06 has specific exclusions of private property. Section 2(4) says “Nothing in this Regulation authorizes a municipality to enter and undertake a work as a local improvement on private property without the permission of the owner or other person having the authority to grant such permission.” Section 36.1 says “In accordance with this Part, a municipality may raise the cost of undertaking works as local improvements on private property by imposing special charges on the lots of consenting property owners upon which all or part of the works are or will be located.“ Notice that the Municipal Corporation needs permission/consent from the private property owner, without which they have no authority. The Ontario Municipal Act itself has specific inclusions of public property owned by the Municipal Corporation and specific exclusions of services/things it does not own. Sections 10(2)4 & 11(2)4 says the Municipal Corporation may pass by-laws respecting “Public assets of the municipality acquired for the purpose of exercising its authority under this or any other Act.” Sections 10(4) & 11(6) says the Municipal Corporation does not have “the power to pass a by-law respecting services or things provided by a person other than the municipality or a municipal service board of the municipality.” Section 8(1) says that the Municipal Corporations scope of power is there so it can “govern its affairs.” The word “its” is a possessive pronoun, meaning you have the power to govern the affairs that belong to the Municipal Corporation only. Notice that you only have authority over public assets that you own, you have no authority over services/things that you are not providing, and your scope of power is for governing your own affairs only. Within the above Act and Regulation, we see that public property is specifically included and private property is specifically excluded from the Municipal Corporations control. Private property is NEVER included anywhere, and therefore the maxim of expressio unius est exclusio alterius applies. The Municipal Corporations power, authority and control is limited only to public property it owns, and not to private property. This maxim can further be confirmed by another section of the Ontario Municipal Act. Section 9 says “(Powers of a natural person) A municipality has the capacity, rights, powers and privileges of a natural person for the purpose of exercising its authority under this or any other Act.” two para answer
The Municipal Corporation cannot give itself more power or authority than what was granted by statute from the Province. And the Province cannot grant power or authority to the Municipal Corporation over something that it does not have to give. Therefore the Municipal Corporation has no power, authority or control over private property it does not own. CASELAW Ontario (Attorney General) v. Rowntree Beach Assn., 1994 CanLII 7228 (ON SC) “Her Majesty the Queen in right of Ontario has no right, title or interest in and to the lands described …“ The Great West Saddlery Company Limited and others v. The King [1921] UKPC 27, [1921] AC 91 (25 February 1921), Privy Council (on appeal from Canada) At page 100 it says “What cannot be done directly cannot be done indirectly.“ R. v. Greenbaum, [1993] 1 SCR 674, 1993 CanLII 166 (SCC) “Municipalities are entirely the creatures of provincial statutes and can therefore exercise only those powers which are explicitly conferred on them by provincial statute. A court should look to the purpose and wording of the provincial enabling legislation when deciding whether or not a municipality has been empowered to pass a certain by-law. The by-laws themselves are to be read to fit within the parameters of the empowering provincial statute where they are susceptible to more than one interpretation. Courts must be vigilant, however, in ensuring that municipalities do not impinge upon the civil or common law rights of citizens in passing ultra vires by-laws.“ Noble v. Township of Brantford 1963, 2 OR 393-401, Ontario High Court of Justice “The first and most obvious limitation is found in the limitations imposed upon the power of the Province itself by the B.N.A. Act. The Province has not itself universal power of legislation, and its creature the municipality can have no higher power.“ Attorney General for British Columbia and Minister of Lands v. Brooks-Bidlake and Whitall Ltd 63 SCR 466 1922 Judge Idington confirms “… the right of an owner to deal with the lands belonging to him or it, as to such owner may seem fit …“
O’Donohue v. Canada, 2003 CanLII 41404 (ON SCCOURT FILE NO.: 01-CV-217147CM DATE: 20030626 “[15] … It is well settled that the Charter cannot be used to amend or trump another part of our constitution …” MUNICIPAL BY-LAWS ARE ULTRA-VIRES ON PRIVATE PROPERTY Municipal by-laws are ultra-vires (of no force or effect) if they conflict with or frustrate the purpose of a provincial or federal Act/regulation or an instrument of legislative nature. From the Ontario Municipal Act we have the following: Section 14(1) says “(Conflict between by-law and statutes, etc.) A by-law is without effect to the extent of any conflict with, (a) a provincial or federal Act or a regulation made under such an Act; or (b) an instrument of a legislative nature, including an order, licence or approval, made or issued under a provincial or federal Act or regulation.” Section 14(2) says “Without restricting the generality of subsection (1), there is a conflict between a by-law of a municipality and an Act, regulation or instrument described in that subsection if the by-law frustrates the purpose of the Act, regulation or instrument.” A municipal by-law cannot frustrate the purpose of a Federal/Provincial statute/law or an instrument of legislative nature, otherwise the by-law is ultra-vires (meaning it is of no force or effect). CONFLICT WITH CROWN LAND PATENT GRANT A Crown Land Patent Grant was the Crown (Federal/Provincial/Municipal government) giving up their right, title and interest in a piece of land to an individual or corporation. It then became private property, no longer under the authority or control or power of the Crown. Most of these grants include the wording “heirs and assigns forever” meaning it can be passed down from generation to generation without the Crown ever being able to interfere with those private property rights again. Since “forever” has not come yet, any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of the Crown Land Patent Grant, making it ultra-vires. CONFLICT WITH COMMON LAW TORT OF INVASION OF PRIVACY In Jones v. Tsige, 2012 ONCA 32, Judge Sharpe of the Ontario Court of Appeal confirms that the Common Law Tort of Invasion of Privacy (Intrusion Upon Seclusion Or Solitude) includes: – one who intentionally intrudes, physically or otherwise, upon the seclusion of another or his private affairs or concerns, and – physical intrusions into private places as well as listening or looking, with or without mechanical aids, into the plaintiff’s private affairs. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of this Common Law Tort, making it ultra-vires.
CONFLICT WITH CRIMINAL CODE OF CANADA Section 72 (Forcible Entry and Detainer) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from entering property where it can lead to a beach of peace. Section 180 (Common Nuisance) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from obstructing a person from exercising or enjoyment of their rights. Section 430 (Mischief) of the Criminal Code of Canada prevents anybody from obstructing a person from the lawful use, enjoyment or operation of their property. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property or trying to exercise power, authority or control over private property would frustrate the purpose of these Criminal Code sections, making it ultra-vires. CONFLICT WITH ONTARIO TRESPASS TO PROPERTY ACT Section 3 of the Ontario Trespass to Property Act states that entry on to a premises can be prohibited by notice given orally, in writing or by clearly posted signs. And Section 2 states that any person who enters on the premises without the express permission of the occupier is committing the offence of Trespass. Any Municipal Corporation by-law allowing entry onto private property would frustrate the purpose of this Act, making it ultra-vires. CASELAW Ontario (Attorney General) v. Rowntree Beach Assn., 1994 CanLII 7228 (ON SC) “Her Majesty the Queen in right of Ontario has no right, title or interest in and to the lands described …” Mercer v. Attorney General of Ontario, 1883, 8 AC 767, Privy Council “… it was insisted, that a line was drawn at the date of the Union, and that the words were not sufficient to reserve any lands afterwards escheated which at the time of the Union were in private hands, and did not then belong to the Crown.” 1960 CANADIAN BILL OF RIGHTS Section 1(a) says “It is hereby recognized and declared that in Canada there have existed and shall continue to exist … the following human rights and fundamental freedoms … the right of the individual to life, liberty, security of the person and enjoyment of property.” Ontario Property and Civil Rights Act “Rule of decision 1. In all matters of controversy relative to property and civil rights, resort shall be had to the laws of England as they stood on the 15th day of October, 1792, as the rule for the decision of the same, and all matters relative to testimony and legal proof in the investigation of fact and the forms thereof in the courts of Ontario shall be regulated by the rules of evidence established in England, as they existed on that day …” Attorney General v. De Keyser’s Royal Hotel, Ltd., May 10, 1920 “Again it appears to me to be almost inconceivable that the Crown should claim the right to do such things as prostrate fences, take possession of the great industrial works mentioned, or cause any buildings to be destroyed, without being bound at law to compensate the owners therefor.” … “This is a fundamental principle, going back at least to Magna Carta,” … “Since Magna Carta the estate of a subject in lands or buildings has been protected against the prerogative of the Crown.”
Cook’s Road Maintenance Assoc. v. Crowhill Estates, 2001 CanLII 24149 (ON CA) “[45] … it is necessary to be mindful of the fact that Cook’s Road is situated on private land. It is privately owned by the appellant. To declare a private road to be a public road will extinguish the property rights of its owner. It is a very serious step, therefore, for a court to declare an individual’s private property to be public property. Property rights are to be respected.” Lynch v St. John’s (City), 2016 NLCA 35 (CanLII) “[63] … Having the property rights flowing from a Crown grant, with virtually unrestricted rights to build and to appropriate and use groundwater, transformed to merely a right to keep the land ‘unused in its natural state,’ results in virtually all of the aggregated incidents of ownership being taken away. All of the reasonable uses of the property were taken away and a compulsory taking, a de facto or constructive expropriation, resulted.” Trustees of Dartmouth College v. Woodward, 4 Wheat. 518 (1819) “If the legislature mean to claim such an authority, it must be reserved in the grant.” William Cooper v . The Honourable Alexander Stuart (Colonial Secretary), from the Supreme Court of New South Wales; delivered 3rd April 1889 “[The Crown’s] prospective wants can only be provided for in two ways, either by reserving from settlement portions of land, which may prove to be useless for the purpose for which they are reserved, or by making grants of land in settlement, retaining the right to resume such parts as may be found necessary for the uses of an increased population.” PROVINCIAL STATUTES/REGULATIONS ARE ULTRA-VIRES ON PRIVATE PROPERTY Looking at the caselaw from the above section, you will notice that these all apply to Provincial Legislation as well. The Crown/Province has no right, title or interest in private property it does not own. Private property does not belong to the Crown/Province. Private property is protected from the prerogative of the Crown/Province. Private property rights are to be respected by the Crown/Province. Any power, authority or control the Crown/Province claims to have over private property must have been reserved in Crown Grant Land Patent. Also the doctrine of federal paramountcy applies to any provincial law that would frustrate the purpose of the federal law, meaning any conflict between Federal and Provincial Legislation renders the Provincial Legislation ultra-vires (of no force or effect). CASELAW Canadian Western Bank v. Alberta, [2007] 2 SCR 3 “To sum up, the onus is on the party relying on the doctrine of federal paramountcy to demonstrate that the federal and provincial laws are in fact incompatible by establishing either that it is impossible to comply with both laws or that to apply the provincial law would frustrate the purpose of the federal law.” Reference re Upper Churchill Water Rights Reversion Act, [1984] 1 SCR 297 “Where, however, the pith and substance of the provincial enactment is the derogation from or elimination of extraprovincial rights then, even if it is cloaked in the proper constitutional form, it will be ultra vires. A colourable attempt to preserve the appearance of constitutionality in order to conceal an unconstitutional objective will not save the legislation.”
Georgian Bluffs (Township) v. Moyer, 2012 ONCA 700, DOCKET: C53734 “[20] The action that ‘should have never occurred’ was an action brought by the Township. The appellant successfully defended himself against the most significant element of the claim advanced by the Township – namely, an order that he remove all objectionable items from his 100-acre property. The appellant also succeeded in having the clean-up costs struck from his property tax bill, in establishing that the Township had trespassed upon his property, and, as we have found, in establishing that the Township had converted chattels he owned.” R. v. Soules, 2011 ONCA 429 (CanLII) par[47] “[47] Use immunity created by a provincial statute cannot extend to proceedings under the Criminal Code, because it would be ultra vires the province to restrict the admissibility of evidence in criminal matters: White, at para. 35. As Iacobucci J. explains further, in para. 72, the purpose of this type of provincial legislation is not to assist the police in the investigation of specific crimes; rather, ‘[t]he provinces are entitled to inquire into factual circumstances that may involve the commission of a criminal offence, but their jurisdiction does not extend so far as to trench upon the federal power under s. 91(27) of the Constitution Act, 1867 over the criminal law.’ ” WHAT IS CONSIDERED “IN” THE MUNICIPALITY The various levels of government are simply corporations, so anything which is “IN” the government must belong to the government as property of that specific corporation. As stated in Mercer case below, privately owned property is not “IN” the province, is not “IN” the federal government, and is not “IN” the municipalities as part of these entities’ administrative property. Judge Gwynne in Mercer v. Attorney General for Ontario, (1881) 5 S.C.R. 538 at page 706 says “the term ‘public lands’ in the province, which is but an equivalent expression to ‘lands belonging to the provinces at the Union’ ” and at page 707 says “the ‘lands’ therefore which are referred to in sec. 109 of the British North America Act can only be construed to mean those ungranted or public lands belonging to the Crown“. For example purposes below, I will use the fictional names of ABC Township, the Corporation of the Township of ABC, and the City of XYZ. This example also applies to Provincial Corporations and Federal Corporations as well as Municipal Corporations. There seems to be a lack of understanding and a lack of distinction between the geographic area we call ABC Township and the Municipal Corporation itself we call the Corporation of the Township of ABC. The staff and council do not get paid from a geographic area. They get paid from a corporation. A geographic area cannot own land or assets. A geographic area cannot own a corporation. A geographic area cannot control or define a corporation. A geographic area cannot pass corporate by-laws. A corporation can own land and other assets, and the land and assets that the corporation owns are considered to be “IN” the corporation. A corporation can own land and physical assets but cannot be defined by a geographic limit or any other kind of physical limit since it is a fictitious entity. When council passes a by-law, it is a corporate by-law and can only affect the corporation and what is “IN” the corporation. The top of every by-law even says “CORPORATION OF THE TOWNSHIP OF ABC” proving that they are specific to the corporation and do not apply to a geographic area that is not owned by that corporation. These corporate by-laws have no authority over geographic areas that are not owned by the corporation. My private property may be within the geographic area we call ABC Township, but my private property is not “IN” the Corporation of the Township of ABC because it is not owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC and therefore its corporate by-laws do not apply to my private property. EXAMPLE: The Corporation of the Township of ABC owns some vehicles. These vehicles are not owned by the geographic area we call ABC Township. When one of those vehicles is used by staff, and driven to a different geographic area (say the City of XYZ), the vehicle is no longer in the geographic area we call the ABC Township, but it is still owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC and is therefore still “IN” the Corporation and is still subject to the by-laws of the Corporation of the Township of ABC. The geographic location of the vehicle is irrelevant, for as long as it is owned by the Corporation of the Township of ABC, it is always “IN” the Corporation. The corporate limits of the Corporations authority are irrelevant of geographic location, as they still have authority over anything that is “IN” the Corporation regardless of its geographic location.
LIABILITY OF COUNCIL AND EMPLOYEES I would like to remind you that the Municipal Corporations council, officers, employees and its agents can be held liable for any torts that they commit. Section 448 of Municipal Act says “(Liability for torts) Subsection (1) does not relieve a municipality of liability to which it would otherwise be subject in respect of a tort committed by a member of council or an officer, employee or agent of the municipality or a person acting under the instructions of the officer, employee or agent.“ And here is an excerpt from the Ministry of Municipal Affairs 2014 Municipal Councillor’s Guide on legal considerations on exercising power. THE 2014 MUNICIPAL COUNCILLOR’S GUIDE published by MINISTRY OF MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS AND HOUSING LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS ON EXERCISING POWER Because municipalities are provincial creations, generally they only do what they have been authorized to do by the provincial government. A number of general consequences follow from this: – a provincial government would give a municipality only those powers that it may exercise itself within the Constitution’s division of federal and provincial powers; – generally, a municipal bylaw may not override a conflicting provincial statute. A bylaw that was valid when passed may become invalid if an overriding provincial statute is later put in place; and – if a municipality takes action for which it does not have statutory authority, or that exceeds the limits of its authority, the courts could quash the action as being ‘ultra vires’, that is, beyond the powers of the municipality. CONCLUSION A Municipal Corporation has no power, authority or control over my private property due to the legal maxim expressio unius est exclusio alterius meaning the Ontario Municipal Act specifically grants power, authority and control only to property owned by a Municipal Corporation, and does not grant any power, authority or control over private property. Any Municipal Corporation by-law or Provincial Legislation attempting to directly or indirectly grant power, authority or control over my private property is ultra-vires as it frustrates the purpose of my Crown Land Patent Grant, the Criminal Code of Canada, and the Common Law. Any Municipal Corporation by-law attempting to directly or indirectly grant access to my private property is ultra-vires as it frustrates the purpose of the Ontario Trespass to Property Act. My private property, regardless of its geographic location, is not owned by a Municipal Corporation or by a Provincial Corporation and is therefore not “IN” a Municipal Corporation and is not “IN” a Provincial Corporation and is therefore not subject to any by-laws created by a Municipal Corporation and is also not subject to any Provincial Legislation.
Black's Law, 6 edition. Fraud on court. A scheme to interfere with judicial machinery performing tasks of impartial adjudication, as by preventing opposing party from fairly presenting his case or defence. Finding a fraud on the court is justified only by both aggregates. Misconduct directed to the court itself, such as bribery of a judge or jury to fabrication of evidence by counsel, and must be supported by CLEAR. Unequivocal and convincing evidence.
Fraud. Blacks Law Dictionary. An intentional perversion of the truth for the purpose of inducing another in relation upon it to part with some valuable things belonging to him, or surrender illegal right. A false representation of a matter of fact, whether by words or by conduct. By false or misleading allegations. Or by concealment of that which should have been disclosed. Which deceives an is intended to decieve another, so that he shall act upon it to his legal injury. Anything calculated to deceive, whether by singular act or combination, or by suppression of truth. Or suggestion of what is false, whether it be direct falsehood or. In window, by speech or silence, word of mouth. Or look. Or gesture. 
Black's Law 6 addition fraudulent concealment. The hiding or suppression of a material fact or circumstance which the party is legally or morally bound to disclose. The employment of artifice plan to prevent inquiry or escape investigation and to mislead or hinder the acquisition of information. Disclosing a right of action.
---
let's take a look at the common law. not the common law referred by the legal system r court precedents but rather the common law of England as it was in 1789 when the constitution came into effect. when we look back at the confirmatio cartarum, the magna carta came into effect in 1215, and sometime later, we had confirmatio cartarum. the confirmatio cartarum which was also in the 1200's, recognized the magna carta. As one of the accused of the state if we choose for the magna carta be treated as the common law, then the magna carta is the common law of England. so the confirmatio cartarum and the magna carta were in effect in 1789 . in the confirmatio cartarum first paragraph #3 it says "and our justices, sheriifs, mayors, and all other ministers which under us have the laws of our land to guide shall allow the said charter pleaded before them in judgement in all their points, that is to wit the great charter as the common law and the great charter is the magna carta. section 8.1 of the interpretation act recognizes the common law as having equal authority in property rights as the civil. The common law according the confirmatio cartarum is the magna carta.

Halsbury's law of England states "magna carta is binding upon the crown today as it was sealed in runnymede. the house of lords records confirmed in writing that magna carta, sealed by king john in june 1215, stand to this day home secretary jack straw said as much on october 1 2000 article 61 was invoked march 23 2001 By Edward III's reign, Magna Carta was regularly confirmed in statute legislation and there were additional guarantees that, irrespective of his estate, no man would be condemned or made to answer accusations without the correct procedures being followed. Vilardell v. Dunham, [2012] B.C.J. No. 1016, 2012 BCSC 748, 260 C.R.R. (2d) 1
---
